question: Are all sugar-free products calorie-free?
answer: Not necessarily. Some sugar-free biscuits and cakes still contain carbohydrates in the form of starch that can also increase your blood glucose levels.
question: Can bitter-tasting food, like gourd, help lower blood glucose levels?
answer: Bitter-tasting foods do not help lower blood glucose levels.
question: If I have diabetes, does that mean I can never consume sugar?
answer: You may still be able to include some sugar in your diet by learning carbohydrate counting and knowing your requirements. Speak to your Dietician to know how.
question: Does switching to wholegrain rice mean I can eat more rice?
answer: The carbohydrate content of wholegrain rice is actually similar to regular rice. Still, wholegrain rice provides more fibre by comparison, hence making it a better choice for diabetes.
question: Can I eat as much as I want, as long as I cut down on my carbohydrate intake?
answer: Excessive intake of any nutrient, including protein, may lead to weight gain. It would be advisable to know your body's requirements for all nutrients and keep to them.
question: Is it okay to eat my favourite sweets when I have low blood glucose?
answer: Yes, but in moderation. When going outdoors, keep sweets like Mentos on hand and consume one at a time if you experience symptoms of hypoglycemia (i.e. blood glucose level < 4.0 mmol/L). If you are in a safe space indoors, it is recommended to follow the 15/15 rule. Consume 15g of fast-acting carbohydrates, such as half a can of soft drink (e.g. Original Coca Cola) or half a glass of fruit juice. Then, have 15 minutes of rest. Afterwards, maintain your blood glucose level by consuming 15g of long-acting carbohydrates, such as 1 slice of bread or 3 pieces of plain biscuits. Take note to avoid highly sugary snacks, as overeating may cause your blood glucose levels to rise too much. Also, avoid taking beverages such as Milo and coffee which contain fat and prevent absorption of glucose into your bloodstream.
question: If I have diabetes, does that mean I can never consume fruits?
answer: People with diabetes should still eat all kinds of fruits, as they are rich sources of antioxidant vitamins, minerals, and fibre. Consume 2 portions of fresh fruit a day, but try to avoid fruit juices.
question: If I have diabetes, does that mean I can never consume starchy foods?
answer: No. Carbohydrate foods, particularly starchy foods such as rice, bread, noodles and cereals, form a major component of the body's energy source. All starchy foods break down to glucose, which is the body's preferred source of energy. The key is knowing how much your personalised requirements for carbohydrates are. Choose starchy foods that are high in fibre such as wholegrains.
question: Since fat does not matter in relation to blood glucose levels, can I ignore the fat content in my meals?
answer: It is true that fat does not have a direct impact on blood glucose levels. However, a large amount of fat in a meal can delay stomach-emptying and slow the digestion of carbohydrates, keeping your blood glucose levels elevated for longer. This makes it difficult to keep your blood glucose levels within the desirable range. It should also be noted that fat provides nearly twice as many calories as carbohydrates and protein (gram for gram). This is not helpful for individuals hoping to shed some weight. Consuming too much saturated fat may also lead to undesirable lipid profiles, increasing your risk of cardiovascular diseases.
question: Will losing weight cure my diabetes?
answer: If you are overweight, losing weight may not definitely cure your diabetes. Nonetheless, losing 5-10% of your initial weight may help you control your blood glucose levels by improving insulin resistance. In addition, keeping the weight off may also help control your blood lipids and blood pressure.
question: What are the different types of diabetes?
answer: There are 3 main types of diabetes: Type 1 diabetes, Type 2 diabetes, and gestational diabetes.
question: What are the differences between Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Type 1 diabetes occurs when the body is unable to produce insulin, whereas in Type 2 diabetes, either the body does not produce enough insulin or the insulin produced does not work. Type 1 diabetes most commonly presents in childhood and young adulthood. A family history puts a person at a slightly higher risk. Type 2 diabetes tends to occur in older people, above 40 years of age, especially those who are obese. Even though Type 2 diabetes is more common, it can be prevented. Type 1 diabetes can not.
question: What is HbA1c?
answer: HbA1c stands for haemoglobin A1c or glycated haemoglobin, which is haemoglobin to which glucose is bound. It is a blood test that estimates your average blood glucose level for the past 3 months. It is usually organised once every 3 to 4 months by your doctor at each visit to the clinic.
question: Is testing my glucose levels with only HbA1c enough?
answer: Glucose levels can fluctuate markedly throughout the day. As the HbA1c is done only once every 3 to 4 months, periodically self-monitoring your capillary blood glucose levels and how high or low it has been can help you make timely changes to your lifestyle and dietary choices. You can easily check your glucose levels daily with a glucometer, or with a continuous glucose sensor.
question: What does a well-balanced diet consist of?
answer: A well-balanced diet consists of less sugar, less fat, less salt, and more fibre. Health Promotion Board's My Healthy Plate sets a good benchmark for the major food groups you should target to have in each meal. In one plate, half should be filled with fruits and vegetables, one-quarter with wholegrains, and the remaining one-quarter with meat and others.
question: What are some strategies I can use to have a well-balanced diet?
answer: To consume less sugary foods, consider replacing sweetened beverages, sweets and cakes, with milk, fruit and wholemeal crackers. Tackle fatty foods by limiting intake of fried dishes and using less butter, ghee and coconut oil in cooking. Instead, opt for low fat cooking methods such as baking, boiling, grilling and steaming. To minimise salt intake, use less preserved food such as salted fish and canned meats, and more fresh products. Lastly, incorporate more high fibre foods by switching to unpolished brown rice, wholegrain cereals and brains, and including fresh fruit and vegetables.
question: Why do I sometimes feel numb in my fingers and limbs?
answer: Diabetes most commonly affects the nerves of the upper and lower limbs, and can also affect nerves related to the eye, face and head. As such, the most common symptoms experienced are a tingling, burning, and pricking sensation or numbness of the hands and feet.
question: What is BMI?
answer: BMI stands for body mass index. It is measured by a person's weight (in kilograms) divided by the square of height (in metres).
question: What is a normal BMI?
answer: For Asians in Singapore, a BMI value between 18.5 and 22.9 indicates a healthy weight, whereas a BMI value of 23 and above is considered overweight.
question: How can I differentiate hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia?
answer: Hypoglycemia, or low blood glucose, happens when the blood glucose level falls below 4.0 mmol/L. Some early symptoms include shakiness, sweating and fast heartbeat. Hypoglycemia may also happen while you are sleeping, and some tell-tale signs are seizures, headaches, and feeling tired or confused upon waking. Hyperglycemia, or high blood glucose, results in thirst, frequent urination and even weight loss.
question: What should I do when I have high blood glucose?
answer: If your glucose level is high, do not panic. Follow these 5 main ways to control your glucose levels better: 
1. Take your medications on time and at the same time each day. 
2. Aim to have 3 meals daily that are consistent in timing and portion (follow the My Healthy Plate). 
3. Cut and minimise snacking. 
4. Include regular physical activity as much as you can. Every little bit helps. 
5. Stay well-hydrated and drink water when thirsty. Avoid sugar-sweetened beverages.,Give it a few days to see if your dietary changes have an impact on your glucose levels. Keeping a food and blood glucose diary can help you keep track of your progress.
question: What should I do if I have persistent high or low blood glucose?
answer: If, despite your best efforts, your glucose levels are persistently high or low, you should consider seeking earlier medical attention. Our medical experts will be able to help you manage your blood glucose levels better.
question: How can I monitor my blood glucose levels during festive periods like Ramadan?
answer: During Ramadan fasting, you may experience decreased appetite, an urge to skip meals, and lower blood sugar levels. Hence, keep these tips on safe fasting in mind: 1) Delay having Suhoor, your pre-dawn meal, until it is as close as possible to the time for the Fajr prayer; 2) Eat sufficiently and moderately during Suhoor; 3) As soon as the sun has set, break the fast with Iftar without delay.
question: Why is my blood glucose level high in the morning even though I did not eat anything?
answer: There are several reasons why your blood glucose level may be high in the morning even if you haven't eaten anything: 
1. Even during fasting periods, your liver releases stored glucose into your blood. People with diabetes havea relatively higher glucose release from their liver, hence your glucose may be high even when you have not eaten anything. 
2. Your body may be producing stress hormones during an illness. Medications prescribed during illnesses (e.g. steroids) can also increase glucose levels. 
3. Consumption of larger meals, that are high in carbohydrates and fat, at late hours can lead to higher post-meal blood glucose levels over an extended period of time.,Hence, it is advised to consume your last meal 3 hours before bedtime and try brisk walking for 30 minutes daily. If you find yourself craving a late-night snack, opt for healthy snacks such as half an apple, or plain yoghurt with nuts.
question: What are the symptoms of diabetes?
answer: The early symptoms of diabetes may not be obvious, or there may be no symptoms at all. Nonetheless, some possible signs include excessive thirst and urination, fatigue, weight loss, blurred vision, slow-healing sores, and frequent infections.
question: Can diabetes cause hypertension?
answer: Diabetes is often associated with cardiovascular risk factors like hypertension, or high blood pressure. Hypertension usually causes no symptoms, but over time, it can damage the heart and blood vessels, leading to stroke, heart attack or renal failure. While hypertension is usually picked up during a routine medical examination, if it reaches dangerously high levels, it can cause physical symptoms like headaches, visual disturbances, chest pain, or feeling breathless.
question: What is the recommended frequency and intensity of exercise?
answer: It is recommended to achieve at least 150 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic physical activity per week, or 30 minutes of exercise 5 times a week. In addition to aerobic exercise, resistance strength training is also important for overall health and fitness. The key is to be consistent, so that you can lose weight steadily and sustainably without risking extreme muscle loss.
question: What is diabetes?
answer: Diabetes is a chronic condition characterised by high glucose levels.
question: What is glucose?
answer: Glucose comes from our food and is also produced by the liver. It is the main source of energy for the body's cells and is transported through the bloodstream. Glucose needs to enter cells to be used.
question: What is insulin?
answer: Insulin is the hormone that acts like a 'key' to allow glucose to enter cells. If the pancreas does not produce enough insulin, or cells are not able to respond well enough to insulin, glucose is unable to enter the cells. Glucose levels in the bloodstream rise, resulting in diabetes.
question: How is diabetes diagnosed?
answer: The following several blood tests can be done to find out whether you have diabetes: 
1. Random blood glucose test: Measures blood glucoe level without fasting or regard to when you last ate. 
2. Fasting blood glucose test: Measures blood glucose level after an overnight fast for at least 8 hours. 
3. Oral glucose tolerance test: Measures blood glucose level before and 2 hours after you have consumed 75g of a sugary drink.
question: How is diabetes treated?
answer: Type 1 diabetes will require a regular dose of insulin, as prescribed by a doctor. Some patients with mild Type 2 diabetes can achieve their target blood glucose levels with diet and exercise alone, but most Type 2 diabetics will eventually require oral medications to control their blood sugar levels, and possibly insulin injection in the later stage of the disease. The basic treatment strategy is to maintain good control over the amount of glucose in your blood, eat a balanced diet, exercise regularly, and watch your weight. These will prevent the onset of diabetes.
question: What are the complications of diabetes?
answer: Diabetes, when poorly-controlled, results in multiple complications. Diabetes is a leading cause of blindness, kidney failure, limb amputation, heart attack and stroke.
question: What should I eat if I have diabetes?
answer: People with diabetes do not need to embark on a special diet. Rather than a restrictive diet, a diet suitable for diabetes is simply a healthy eating plan that is individualised according to your requirements and lifestyle. It is recommended that you see a dietician to guide you on dietary changes that can help you control your blood glucose levels and manage your weight.
question: How often should I check my blood sugar levels?
answer: The frequency at which you check your blood sugar depends on the type of diabetes you have and whether you take any diabetes medication. You should discuss this with your healthcare provider. Typical times to check blood sugar tend to be: 
1. Immediately after waking up, before you eat or drink anythin. 
2. Before eating. 
3. After 2 hours of eating. 
4. When you feel giddy/confused/sweaty/very hungry. 
5. Before/after exercise. 
6. When you are sick or not feeling well. 
7. At bedtime
question: Can I have durians if I have diabetes?
answer: Yes, as with all fruits, durians can be consumed if you have diabetes. Two medium seeds is approximately one serving and would provide 15g of carbohydrate. Exercising portion control is essential!
question: How can I lose weight and manage my diabetes at the same time?
answer: Calories are normally used to measure the energy content of the food and beverages you consume. It is important to know how many calories you require daily, regardless of your weight goals. Consult your dietician to help finetune the ideal caloric target for you to achieve a sustainable weight loss while managing your blood glucose levels.
question: How can I manage my diabetes while travelling?
answer: Before you travel, consult your doctor to discuss your holiday plans and request for a travel memo. Also, check for time zone and weather differences that could affect the administering and storage of insulin, the nearest hospital available, as well as insurance coverage for diabetes-related emergencies. Always pack more insulin and oral diabetes medications in case your journey is delayed due to unforeseen circumstances. The same goes for other diabetes supplies such as blood glucose monitors, test strips, lancets and snacks.
question: What types of exercise do you recommend?
answer: Some forms of exercise you may consider are: taking a 20 minute walk after dinner, using the stairs instead of the lift, getting off the bus one stop earlier and walking the rest of the way to your destination, and going swimming.
question: Can I still smoke if I have diabetes?
answer: If you smoke, get support and advice on how to quit. Diabetes itself increases your risk for heart disease and stroke, and smoking further increases this risk.
question: Can I still consume alcohol if I have diabetes?
answer: Alcohol can interfere with your meal plan and blood glucose control, especially if you are taking insulin or medication for your diabetes. People with diabetes should avoid alcohol in general. But if you have to, remember to check your blood sugar levels before drinking to ensure that it is not too low. Accompany the drink with a carbohydrate-containing meal as alcohol can cause your blood sugar levels to drop drastically within 24 hours of drinking. Healthy individuals should drink responsibly. If you do not suffer from other health conditions and still want to drink, keep to only 1 drink for women, and 2 drinks for men. One drink is equal to 220ml of beer (about ⅔ of a can) or 100ml of wine or 30ml of spirits (about 1 shot glass).
question: What are some healthy snacking options for people with diabetes?
answer: Some healthy snacks you may consider are: 1 small apple, 10 grapes, 1 wedge of papaya, 1 small pear, 1 medium banana, and 1 glass of low fat or high calcium soy milk with less sugar.
question: What are some tips for staying motivated to exercise in the long term?
answer: We all know staying active and exercising regularly helps us stay healthy and in shape. But some days, it gets hard to stay motivated to work out when all we want to do is sit on our comfy sofas and watch TV or play video games. How do we stay motivated?
question: Will eating and drinking too much sugary stuff cause diabetes?
answer: Consuming too much of anything, including sugary food and drink, will likely lead to obesity, a major cause of insulin resistance. Excessive consumption of sugar puts the pancreas under tremendous stress to produce enough insulin to match the spikes in blood sugar levels. Over time, this may increase the risk of insulin resistance, poor blood glucose control and diabetes.
question: Is it possible to reverse Type 2 diabetes?
answer: There is currently no cure for Type 2 diabetes. However, there is enough evidence to suggest that bariatric surgery in obese patients causes diabetes to enter a remission phase. Although there is no cure for diabetes at this point in time, adhering to a healthy lifestyle coupled with regular check-ups and medication compliance can keep diabetes under good control and prevent complications.
question: Does diabetes really result in sugar in the urine?
answer: In healthy people, the kidney is able to absorb all of the sugar that it filters from the blood. In patients with previously undiagnosed or poorly controlled diabetes, the high sugar load in the filtered blood means the kidney is not able to absorb all of the sugar. As a result, large amounts of sugar are passed out in the urine. Sugar in the urine increases the risk of fungal infection of the external genitalia (e.g. thrush) and urinary tract infections. It also leads to the passing of large amounts of urine and, consequently, dehydration.
question: Does diabetes management mean only consuming foods labelled “sugar-free” or “suitable for diabetics”?
answer: Agri-Food & Veterinary Authority of Singapore (AVA) requires “sugar-free” products to contain no more than 0.5g of sugar per 100g or 100ml. These usually have less sugar than other similar products but may contain other artificial sweeteners like sorbitol. Food labelled “no added sugar” or “suitable for diabetics” can be misleading, as naturally occurring sugars or fat, and calorie content are not taken into consideration. It is crucial to read the nutritional information for any type of food to check the amount of carbohydrate, natural sugars and calories it contains. Products like fruit juices with “no added sugar” can still raise blood sugar levels as quickly as sugary drinks, since they contain natural fruit sugars. Snacks that use artificial sweeteners can still be high in carbohydrates, fat and calories even though they might be low in sugar. These products can affect blood sugar control and risk excessive weight gain — a major risk factor for diabetes.
question: Does having diabetes mean I must swear off sweets or chocolate forever?
answer: Those with poor blood sugar control should avoid sugary treats like sweets and chocolate, as these can quickly cause unwanted spikes in sugar levels and provide little nutrition. Those with good glycaemic control should also exercise caution by eating sweets sparingly. Regular blood sugar monitoring is important when having sweet treats.
question: Will cutting carbohydrates completely cure diabetes?
answer: Diabetes is an incurable condition that can be well-controlled. Cutting out carbohydrates completely is not recommended. A person who avoids carbohydrates completely is susceptible to low blood sugar levels and is likely to suffer from long-term deficiencies due to a lack of carbohydrate-containing food. In serious situations, hypoglycemia can result in diabetic comas that may be life-threatening, especially for those who are not consuming sufficient carbohydrates and are currently on diabetic medications. A balanced diet is essential for diabetes management. Eat more wholegrains instead of refined grains, and enjoy a variety of other carbohydrate-containing food, including low-fat yoghurt, fruits, beans and vegetables such as broccoli, carrots and sweet potatoes. It is advisable that carbohydrates form around 50 percent of the daily diet. Consult a dietitian for the recommended quantity as this differs for each individual.
question: Does white rice cause diabetes?
answer: Although recent studies by the Harvard School of Public Health and the National University Health System found that white rice has a high Glycaemic Index (GI), it is important to understand its overall health impact when taken as a part of our daily meals. GI ranks carbohydrates in food based on the rate at which they affect blood sugar levels. The important difference between sugar and rice is that sugar contributes calories with little nutritional benefit, while rice provides satiety and can be part of a healthy, balanced diet if accompanied by side dishes packed with nutritional value such as tofu, fish, lean meat, eggs and vegetables. In contrast, it is easy to eat too much sugar as it does not give the feeling of fullness and can lead to obesity, raising the risk of type 2 diabetes. Wholegrains like brown or red rice are better than white rice as these contain more nutrients like iron, magnesium, B vitamins and fibre. Wholegrains also take more time to digest, giving the feeling of fullness for longer. However, do note that any type of carbohydrates, including wholegrains, when taken in excess can still cause poor blood sugar control. Moderation is key.
question: Should I make food choices based on their GI?
answer: In general, high GI foods raise blood sugar levels faster by releasing sugar quickly into the bloodstream. This is more useful for athlete's post-exercise or for patients with hypoglycemia. Some fad diabetes diets advise avoiding high GI foods completely. However, GI is just one measure of the nutritional value of food. Similarly, some low GI foods like cake, chocolate bars and potato chips are unhealthy and lack nutritional value, and are unsuitable for patients with type 2 diabetes. Maintaining a balanced diet with fruits, vegetables and carbohydrates, and regular exercise are the best ways to stay fit, prevent weight gain and stay healthy.
question: Can I eat as many fruits as I want without affecting my diabetic condition?
answer: Fruits contain many vitamins, minerals and fibre, so it is great to include them in your meals. They also contain natural sugars and carbohydrates, so stick to the recommended two portions daily. Spreading out these two portions or eating them between meals can help to prevent sudden spikes in sugar, and help with blood sugar control. Pick fresh whole fruits instead of juiced, dried or canned ones as these can contain added sugar.
question: What health problems does diabetes cause?
answer: Diabetes, when poorly-controlled, results in multiple complications and it is the leading cause of kidney failure, blindness, limb amputation, heart attack and stroke. Apart from these, diabetes can also negatively affect your eyes also called diabetic eye disease.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Who is at risk for developing type 2 diabetes?
answer: You are at risk for type 2 diabetes if you: 
- Have prediabetes
- Are overweight
- Are not physically active
- Have a family history of type 2 diabetes
- Have high blood pressure
- Have abnormal cholesterol and triglyceride levels
- Have gestational diabetes
- Have Polycystic ovary syndrome
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What is prediabetes?
answer: Before people develop type 2 diabetes, almost all pass through the prediabetes stage where blood glucose levels are higher than normal, but not high enough to be considered as frank or overt diabetes. Importantly, having prediabetes means you are likely to progress on to diabetes in the near future. 
Fasting glucose of someone with prediabetes is between 6.1-6.9 mmol/L and 2-hour plasma glucose after oral glucose tolerance test is between 7.8-11.0 mmol/L. There are no clear symptoms of prediabetes and the only reliable method of diagnosis is through blood tests. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What can I do if I have prediabetes?
answer: You can start with lifestyle changes with modest weight loss of about 5 to 10% of body weight; and doing moderate-intensity physical activity. For example, you can consider going for brisk walking and participating in strength training. Also, remember to eat healthily and sensibly, avoid fad diets, and get adequate sleep and rest. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What is gestational diabetes?
answer: Gestational diabetes is diabetes during pregnancy. Pregnancy increases your risk of developing diabetes because of placenta hormones which in turn increases your body's glucose levels and resistance to insulin, which is important for controlling of blood glucose.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: When does gestational diabetes usually starts and disappears?
answer: Gestational diabetes usually starts in the second or third trimester and usually disappears after delivery. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the risk factors for developing gestational diabetes?
answer: If you satisfy any of the below, you are at a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes (GDM):
1. A BMI of 23 kg/m2 and above
2. First-degree relatives (parents, siblings or children) with diabetes 
3. A personal history of GDM, or large babies weighing over 4 kg
4. Previous poor pregnancy outcomes that are usually associated with diabetes, such as stillbirth. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What should my blood sugar be?
answer: The more glucose readings you take, the better it will help you gauge how you are doing. The blood glucose glucose targets given below are a general guide only. Check with you doctor or nurse about your individualised blood glucose targets. 
Pre-meal levels between 4-8 mmol/L is a good target to aim for, for most people with diabetes. 2 hours post-meal levels of less than 10 mmol/L is a good target to aim for, for most people with diabetes.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What can I eat if I have diabetes?
answer: People with diabetes do not need to go on a special diet. Rather than a restrictive diet, a diet suitable for diabetes is simply a healthy eating plan that is individualized according to your requirements and lifestyle. You can see a dietician to guide you on dietary changes that can help you control your blood glucose levels and manage your weight. Also, it is important for you to understand how different foods affect your blood glucose levels, especially carbohydrates, since it is the nutrient that has the greatest effect on your blood glucose levels. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Do I need to follow a low carb diet?
answer: People with diabetes do not need to go on a special diet. However, it is important that you understand how different foods affect your blood glucose levels, especially carbohydrates, since it the nutrient that has the greatest effect on your blood glucose levels. An important step to effective manage diabetes nutrition is to keep track of the amount of carbohydrates you consume by using carbohydrates counting techniques. When choosing the types of carbohydrates, pick starchy carbohydrate such as rice, noodles, pasta, cereals and starchy vegetables such as potatoes as these carbs release glucose into the blood stream at a slower rate compared to sugars, thus promoting a more stable blood glucose level.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: If it is sugar-free, I can eat as much as I want, right?
answer: Foods with ‘Sugar-free' or ‘No sugar added' labels do not mean that the food is carbohydrate-free. Carbohydrates is the nutrient that has the greatest effect on your blood glucose levels.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Do I need to go for annual screening for diabetes complications?
answer: Annual diabetes complication screening is recommended for all individuals with diabetes. Early stage of complications from diabetes can occur without your knowledge. That is why it is important to get yourself screened regularly for diabetes-related complications. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: When should I schedule health care appointments?
answer: Diabetes complication screening is recommended for all individuals with diabetes, at least once a year. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the tests I should sign up for my annual diabetes complication screening?
answer: The annual recommended screening tests for diabetes complications are Eye and Foot screens, Urine protein (Albumin) screen, blood test and Cardiovascular risk assessment.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet .
question: How can diabetes affect my eyes?
answer: Diabetic eye disease (diabetic retinopathy) results from reduced blood flow to the light-sensing nerve layer of the eye (retina). Over time, there is formation of fragile and leaky new blood vessels and nerve layer swelling. These changes can progress to blindness if not identified early or treated. There are two ways diabetes can affect your eyes: 1. Non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy is the early stage of diabetic retinopathy and occure when the blood vessels become affected and start to leak and bleed. At this stage, vision is usually not affected. 2. Proliferative diabetic retinopathy occurs when there is growth of abnormal new blood vessels in the eye and these new vessels can rupture, causing significant bleeding that will lead to loss of vision. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What puts me at risk of diabetic retinopathy?
answer: All individuals with diabetes are at risk of developing diabetic retinopathy (diabetic eye disease). After 20 years of having diabetes, most people will develop this complication to some degree. However, those who have poorly controlled diabetes are at higher risk of developing diabetes retinopathy earlier and at more sever stages. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What can I do to protect my eyes if I have diabetes?
answer: There are 3 ways that you can do to protect your eyes: 
1. Keep your blood glucose levels in check. 
2. Treating and keeping other medical conditions such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol and heart disease under control.
3. Quit smoking and exercising regularly. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Can I completely prevent diabetic retinopathy?
answer: Although you cannot completely prevent diabetic retinopathy, vision loss can be prevented with early detection. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Does diabetic retinopathy has any warning signs?
answer: Diabetic retinopathy often has no warning signs, hence it is important to get a comprehensive dilated eye examination or retinal fundus photography annually even if you have no eye symptoms.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the treatments available for diabetic retinopathy?
answer: In most cases, laser surgery can prevent significant vision loss associated with diabetic retinopathy. Laser surgery can be performed to seal or destroy growing or leaking blood vessels in the retina. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What should I do if I develop a gradual blurring of vision or hazy vision?
answer: If you develop these symptom, please see your doctor immediately. Eye checks can be done by taking a photo of the back of your eye, in a process known as retinal photography. If further consultation with an eye specialist is required, you will be referred to one.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What can I do to control diabetes?
answer: If you have diabetes, the most important thing you can do is control your ABCs: A stands for HbA1c which shows what your average blood glucose has been over the last 3 months. B stands for Blood Pressure and C stands for Cholesterol. By controlling your HbA1c, Blood Pressure and Cholesterol, you lower your risk of suffering from kidney diseases, heart attack and stroke.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What can increase risk of hypoglycaemia?
answer: If you are on insulin injections or on oral glucose-lowering tablets like sulphonylureas, your risk of hypoglycaemia can be increased. This is in particular if have: 
1. Performed physical activities (e.g. exercising) 
2. Missed a meal or eaten less than you usually do for a meal
3. Other conditions like renal impairment which can increase your risk of hypoglycaemia from medications.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Can high blood sugar be caused by skipping meals?
answer: No. However, skipping meals can cause low glucose readings, and you may overcompensate with high glucose foods, resulting in high blood sugar 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: When is the best time to test my blood sugar level?
answer: It is recommended to test blood glucose pre-meals and at bedtime. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What is the ideal target for my pre-meal blood glucose level?
answer: Pre-meal levels between 4-8 mmol/L is a good target to aim for, for most people with diabetes.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What is the ideal target for my bedtime blood glucose level?
answer: Bedtime levels between 6-8 mmol/L is a good target to aim for, for most people with diabetes.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What is the ideal target for my 2 hours post-meal blood glucose level?
answer: 2 hours post-meal levels of less than 10 mmol/L is a good target to aim for, for most people with diabetes.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What is Continuous Blood Glucose Monitoring?
answer: Continuous Blood Glucose Monitoring samples interstitial glucose levels in your blood every few minutes and all these readings are collated to form glucose trajectory. This will allow a more complete picture of glucose trends and patterns to enable more precise insulin does titration. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Is Continuous Blood Glucose monitoring helpful for me?
answer: There are benefits to using the Continuous Blood Glucose monitoring system. From the perspective of your healthcare team, it allows them to accurately detect asymptomatic or nocturnal hypoglycaemia and aids in adjustments of your medication and insulin doses, or even make nutritional adjustments. The system also contains alarms which can alert the user if the glucose level is rising or going below a pre-set threshold. IN addition, real-time continuous glucose monitoring may be combined with insulin pump therapy to allow for automated insulin suspension in response to a pre-set glucose level. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the side effects of Metformin?
answer: Nausea and diarrhoea are side effects of metformin, but these side effects usually go away as your body becomes familiar to the medicine.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the side effects of Sulphonylureas?
answer: Potential side effects of Sulphonylureas include hypolycaemia and weight gain. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the side effects of SGLT2 inhibitors?
answer: Side effects of SGLT2 inhibitors may include genital and urinary tract infections and low blood pressure.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the side effects of DPP-4 inhibitors?
answer: Side effects of DPP-4 inhibitors may include flu-like symptoms such as a runny nose, sore throat and headache. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the side effects of Acarbose?
answer: Side effects of Acarbose or Glucobay may include diarrhoea and bloating. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the side effects of Thiazolidinediones?
answer: Thiazolidinediones have been linked to weight gain and more serious side effects such as increased risk of heart failure and fractures. Because of these risks, these medications are generally not a first-choice treatment. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the side effects of GLP-1 receptor agonists?
answer: Side effects of GLP-1 receptor agonists may include nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What are the side effects of insulin?
answer: Side effects of insulin may include hypoglycaemia and weight gain. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: How should I store my insulin pen?
answer: Once your insulin pen is in use, you do not have to keep it in a fridge. Store it at room temperature with a maximum storage temperature of approximately 25-30 Degrees Celsius. Do remember to label each pen with a date on the sticker and discard your used insulin pen 6 weeks after opening.
For brand-new insulin pens, store them in the fridge at approximately 2-8 Degrees Celsius. Please do not store insulin pens in the fridge and remember insulin pens from the fridge at least 30 minutes before injecting. Make sure to check the expiry date of insulin pens before injecting.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Where should I inject insulin?
answer: Best spots to inject insulin are the upper arm and thigh. However, if you inject in the upper arm, use only the outer back area (where there is more fat) and use a shorter needle. If you inject in the thigh, use a shorter needle and avoid using the inner thighs. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Where should I avoid injecting insulin?
answer: Avoid injecting close to the navel as insulin absorption will not be consistent. Also, avoid injecting close to moles, scars, or hardened areas, or areas that will be exercised soon as exercising increases blood low, which causes insulin to be absorbed at a rate that is faster than usual.
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: I think I have hypoglycaemia, what should I do?
answer: If you have hypoglycaemia (blood glucose level less than 4.0 mmol/L), apply the 15/15 Rule. Take 15 g of carbohydrates represented by 4-5 glucose tablets OR 3 teaspoons of sugar with half cup water OR 150ml-200ml of soft drink OR 150ml of fruit juice. After 15 minutes, recheck your blood glucose. If your blood glucose level is still less than 4.0 mmol/L, repeat the previous step, if not proceed to the next step. Next step: If your next meal is more than an hour away, consume a snack containing 15 g of long-acting carbohydrates such as a slice of bread OR 3 pieces of biscuits. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: What to do if I keep experiencing hypoglycaemia?
answer: Check your blood glucose more frequently and treat your hypoglycaemia episodes promptly, and seek early medical attention. 
Source: Win Against Diabetes Booklet.
question: Is hypoglycaemia dangerous?
answer: Symptoms of hypoglycaemia are unpleasant and may interfere with your daily activities. Serious hypoglycaemia may cause accidents, seizures, coma and death. 
Source: HealthXchange SG
https://www.healthxchange.sg/diabetes/essential-guide-diabetes/low-blood-glucose-hypoglycemia-treatment.
question: Why is carbohydrates important in managing diabetes?
answer: Our body gets energy from carbohydrates. When we eat carbohydrates, it is digested to form glucose. That is why eating too many carbs that can raise your blood glucose quickly can make it hard to control diabetes. 
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/live-healthy/1301/carbohydrates-and-diabetes.
question: Why are wholegrains good for diabetes?
answer: There is evidence to show that people who include wholegrains in their diet are less likely to get Type 2 diabetes. Though we don't really know the exact reason why, it is believed that eating wholegrains can help control your blood glucose levels. The fibre in wholegrains take a longer time to digest, leading to a slower and lower spike in your blood glucose levels. 
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/live-healthy/1335/why-are-whole-grains-good-for-diabetes.
question: Can stress cause high blood sugar?
answer: Stress can affect our lives negatively when poorly managed or when the level of stress is too much for us. It can make you feel exhausted, irritable and impulsive, leading you to make poor lifestyle choices which might in turn make it harder for glycemic control.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/live-healthy/1440/diabetes-and-stress-problems.
question: What can I do to prevent diabetes?
answer: Keeping your weight in check, maintaining an active lifestyle and eating a healthy diet can help prevent most cases of type 2 diabetes. The more fatty tissue you have, the more resistant your body is to the action of insulin which helps in moving glucose from your bloodstream into the cells to be used as energy. The more active you are the easier it is to control your weight as glucose is used up as energy when you exercise and makes your cells more sensitive to insulin. A balanced diet consist of less sugar/sugary foods, less fat/fatty foods and less salt/salty foods. Include more high fibre foods by switching to unpolished brown rice, whole grain cereals and breads. Remember to include fresh fruits and vegetables.
Source: Harvard School of Public Health & Win Against Diabetes Booklet
https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/disease-prevention/diabetes-prevention/preventing-diabetes-full-story/#:~:text=Beyond%20individual%20behavior,healthy%20diet%2C%20and%20not%20smoking..
question: What foods contains carbohydrates?
answer: Carbohydrates are found in a wide variety of foods, both healthy and unhealthy foods including but not restricted to bread, beans, milk, popcorn, potatoes, cookies, spaghetti, soft drinks and corn. They also come in many forms with the most common and abundant form being sugars, fibers, and starches.
Source: Harvard School of Public
https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/carbohydrates/#:~:text=What%20are%20carbohydrates%3F,sugars%2C%20fibers%2C%20and%20starches..
question: How will I know if my diabetes medicines are working?
answer: Are your HbA1c, blood pressure and cholesterol levels close to or at your target levels?
question: How can I test for blood glucose level?
answer: One way to test for blood glucose level is by using a glucometer. A glucometer is small and can be used at home, in clinics and health centres to aid in diabetes detection. The blood glucose test is a similar finger-prick test to indicate blood glucose level at that point in time. It is convenient and can be accurate if done properly. Anyone, even a child, can be taught to perform the test and it is essential for a person with diabetes to operate the glucometer. Another way is to take the HbA1c (haemoglobin A1c) test, which reflects average blood glucose control for a three-month period. Haemoglobin A1c in the red blood cells (glycohemoglobin) are glycated or sugar coated. The body usually replaces red blood cells every three months. This is usually done quarterly in the laboratory. The blood glucose and HbA1c tests are not universally accepted as diagnostic tests for diabetes mellitus. But, if the person has symptoms of diabetes mellitus with abnormal HbA1c and/or high blood glucose level on subsequent days, the doctor can then confirm the diagnosis.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: What is Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT)?
answer: It is usually carried out to confirm if a person is suffering from diabetes. This test can also differentiate patients who have impaired fasting or glucose tolerance. Before taking the test, one must fast for at least eight hours before blood/plasma and urine samples are taken.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: What are ketones?
answer: Ketones are the by-products of fat metabolism. Ketones are acidic, and if excessive amounts accumulate in the body, can poison brain cells. This occurs when there is not enough insulin to allow glucose to enter the cells and fuel them, or when there are too much stress hormones. Excessive ketones in the blood can render a person unconscious. It can happen when a person suffers from type 1 diabetes mellitus and the onset is usually sudden. This is a serious condition called Diabetic Keto-Acidosis (DKA).
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: What is Impaired Glucose Tolerance (IGT)?
answer: Impaired glucose tolerance is a condition that occurs before one develops diabetes. It means that blood sugar levels are elevated but not elevated enough to warrant a diagnosis of diabetes. Usually, insulin and glucose levels are in equilibrium. If the blood glucose level is high, the body will produce more insulin to bring the glucose level down. This is called a feedback mechanism. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine, Healthline https://www.healthline.com/health/impaired-glucose-tolerance.
question: I drink a lot of fruit juices or fizzy drinks. Does this cause diabetes?
answer: Your choice of beverage may not cause diabetes, as genetics also play a role in predisposing a person to diabetes. Nonetheless, fruit juices and fizzy drinks have high sugar content and are high in calories. When consumed in excess, these may cause obesity, which is a contributing factor for type 2 diabetes. Fruit juices are also high in fructose, another simple sugar like glucose. Over time, the pancreas will burn out and may not be able to produce sufficient insulin for the body to convert blood glucose into energy and to store glycogen. There will be a build-up of blood glucose in the red blood cells. This is the main sign of untreated or uncontrolled diabetes.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: I don't quite understand the concepts of insulin and glucose in our body.
answer: Put simply, the pancreas is the factory that produces insulin. Insulin is the key to control blood glucose. Glucose is fuel for the body. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: What happens when I eat?
answer: More than 75% of our food, mainly carbohydrates, are broken down into glucose when digested. Glucose enters the bloodstream, and the level of blood glucose begins to rise. When our body senses an increase in blood glucose, it sends a signal to the pancreas to produce more insulin to lower the blood glucose level. If the blood glucose level is still high, more insulin will be produced to enter the bloodstream. The insulin acts as a key to unlock the body's cells and allow glucose to pass from the bloodstream into the cells. The blood glucose level falls as glucose is transferred to the cells. The body cells use the glucose for fuel.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Can we store glucose in our body?
answer: Yes, glucose is stored as glycogen mainly in the liver, muscles, and fat tissues. Our body knows that glucose is a good product, and the kidneys act as filters to reabsorb the glucose into our blood by coating the red blood cells and transferring them to the muscle and liver to be stored as glycogen. When the liver, the main store, is full, excess glucose will be stored as triglycerides in the fat tissues. When our body needs energy, the stored glucose and glycogen in the liver will be broken down by insulin and converted to energy.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: How does Type 1 differ from Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Type 1 diabetes is an auto-immune disease, where the pancreas is not producing insulin at all. Type 2 diabetes is a lifestyle disease, where the pancreas is not working efficiently or sufficiently. The onset of type 1 diabetes is often sudden, affecting children and young people below the age of 30. While more young and overweight people have developed type 2 diabetes in recent years, it usually occurs in the 40s. The cause of type 1 diabetes may be unknown; however, some people develop it after a bout of illness such as a viral infection. For type 2 diabetes, many have a family history of the disease. People with type 1 diabetes will need insulin injections for life, but type 2 diabetes can be controlled by adopting proper diet, exercise, and with medication.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: What is Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus?
answer: Type 2 diabetes develops because the body becomes insulin resistant or does not respond effectively to natural insulin. This is possibly due to a defective gene factor. Initially, the pancreas may produce more insulin to cope with the increased blood glucose and to break down the food we eat. Usually, the patient needs anti-diabetic tablets or Oral Hypoglycaemic Agent (OHA) to control blood glucose. Eventually, the pancreas suffers a burnout and produces low levels of insulin. The diabetic patient may then need insulin injections.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Why is diabetes more common nowadays?
answer: In the past, we did not have many fast-food restaurants, high calorie beverages and rich foods. Fast food contains saturated fat, which is not easily broken down by the body and tends to deposit inside the blood vessels. Blood glucose and cholesterol levels will rise within the blood vessels. We also led more active lifestyles and children played outdoors instead of sitting in front of the television or computer. Seldom did we see children who were obese or very overweight. Today, we lead sedentary lives; some say that diabetes is a “New World Syndrome” – a disease due to urbanisation, high calorie diets, poor sedentary lifestyles, and bad habits. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: I often skip meals or eat only when I am very hungry. Why do I still have high blood glucose levels?
answer: Many people today tend to skip meals or eat at irregular hours because of work or poor lifestyle. When you skip a meal or eat only when you are very hungry, it is likely that you will have a heavy meal later. Your pancreas has to work doubly hard to produce more insulin to digest the food. When you skip a meal, the liver may release glucose into the blood. Over a period of time, the liver ‘learns to release glucose at odd times'. At the same time, the pancreas does not work efficiently, cannot produce sufficient or effective insulin. This is why some people with diabetes have high blood glucose levels, even when they do not eat. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Why do people with diabetes have heart diseases?
answer: Diabetes and heart diseases have a synergistic effect, which means that if a person has diabetes, he is likely to have heart disease as well and vice versa. That is why people with diabetes usually have more than one health problem. When the blood is thick with cholesterol and glucose, it increases the resistance and blood pressure. Just imagine, when a person has high blood pressure, the heart will have to pump harder to circulate blood in the body. Over a period of time, the blood vessels can become damaged from stress, illness, poor lifestyle, and diet. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Why do I feel thirsty all the time and experience frequent urination?
answer: When blood glucose level is too high and insulin is absent, the kidneys cannot reabsorb the excess glucose. This excess is then excreted in the urine. Whatever you drink is hence siphoned out of the body in the urine. The cells experience a water shortage, you feel thirsty, and your brain will signal you to drink more water. Frequent urination can be an early sign of high blood glucose levels. If you have been experiencing frequent urination, it is advisable for you to have your blood glucose level checked.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Why are diabetics prone to skin infections?
answer: When blood glucose is deposited inside the small blood vessels near the skin surface, the sluggish blood flow makes it easier for germs and fungi to multiply on the skin, especially in our warm and humid climate. Diabetics are prone to infections of the skin, mouth, urinary tract, and genital areas.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: I always feel hungry and eat a lot. But I noticed that I still lose weight. Why does this happen?
answer: If diabetes is not well-controlled, this can cause your body to starve, as well as you to feel hungry and eat more than ever. We need insulin because it acts as the key, to allow glucose to go in and out of the cells in the muscles and liver. When you do not have insulin, the muscles and liver cannot release the stored glucose or glycogen and convert it into fuel for your body. The body will then have to use fat and convert it into energy for the heart, lungs, and other body systems to function. This is why a person with undiagnosed or poorly controlled diabetes may lose weight.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: What are the common gastro-intestinal problems associated with diabetes?
answer: When a person has very high blood glucose levels, constipation is common. Initially, one may suffer from indigestion, nausea, and vomiting. Later, one may suffer from diarrhoea as the body tries to get rid of the waste.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: How does diabetes affect my vision?
answer: Blood glucose that are deposited in the small blood vessels can cause them to narrow and increase blood pressure in the eyes, causing glaucoma. When glaucoma occurs, the narrow-damaged blood vessels may leak, and this is called retinopathy. Cataract is a white layer over the lens of the eye. If diabetes is coupled with hypertension, it may result in a tear of the retina and cause severe bleeding of the eyes, which can lead to blindness. Hence, it is important to seek prompt medical treatment if you see ‘floaters', ‘curtain falling' or something unusual happening to your vision.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Why do I sometimes feel numb in my limbs, toes, and fingers?
answer: This is usually due to poor blood circulation. High levels of cholesterol and glucose in the blood can cause nerve damage or impede blood flow. Usually, numbness in the extremities, or the arms and legs, is an early sign of diabetes. With poorly controlled diabetes, you may first feel a tingling or burning sensation, or even numbness, when your blood glucose level is very high. Subsequently, the pain may worsen and is often described as a ‘stingy bite' or ‘nerve pain'. If the blood glucose level is not controlled over a period of time, you may lose all sensation in your lower limbs and feet. If you are experiencing numbness, it is best to consult a doctor to determine the cause. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: How does diabetes incapacitate?
answer: Some diabetics may accidentally cut the toe or foot and end up with a limb amputation. With poor blood circulation, the person may have lost all sensation in his feet and cannot feel pain. There is poor healing when infection sets in. The tissue in the leg becomes gangrenous and amputation may be required to save the patient's life. If you have diabetes, it is not safe to walk about barefooted. Pebble-stone reflexology is also highly discouraged because the sharp, rough stones may cut the feet.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: How can diabetes ruin my sex life?
answer: Our reproductive system is rich in blood supply and has many nerves. Our nerves are located just next to the blood vessels and can be affected if diabetes is poorly controlled. If you are a man with diabetes, you may experience impotence or erectile dysfunction, and face difficulty when engaging in sexual intercourse. It is thus encouraged to seek help in the early stages of diabetes, where impotence can be prevented or resolved through proper control of the blood glucose level. If blood glucose is not controlled over a period of time, neuropathy or permanent nerve damage may set in.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: What do kidneys do?
answer: Kidneys are the main excretory organs with millions of microscopic filtering units called nephrons. Kidneys filter the blood, removing urea and waste products, excess sugar, salts, and water in the urine. Kidneys control the amount of water in your body. The more you drink, the more urine excreted out.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Can certain fruit or vegetable juices lower my blood glucose level?
answer: Many people believe bitter gourd juice counteracts the sweetness of blood glucose. This has not been scientifically proven. Others believe that celery and green apple juices have the same effect. These beliefs are also scientifically unproven. Fibre, however, can lower blood glucose and cholesterol levels. It is recommended that people with diabetes take 20 to 35g of fibre per day.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine, Ministry of Health Diabetes Mellitus Booklet.
question: Can Chinese herbs or medicine lower my blood glucose level?
answer: It is vital that you let your doctor know if you are taking any Chinese herbs or vitamin supplements. Some Chinese medicines can interact adversely with your prescribed diabetes medication.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: What is so good about a high fibre diet?
answer: A high fibre diet consists of 2 servings of leafy vegetables and 2 servings of fruit per day. Fibre makes us feel full and we are unlikely to overeat. It stabilises the blood glucose level because it causes glucose to be absorbed into our bodies at a slower rate and gives insulin more time to work effectively. Fibre also prevents constipation and is good for the digestive system. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Can diabetics consume more brown rice and cereal?
answer: Brown rice and cereal are carbohydrates and a person with diabetes should limit their carbohydrate intake, as recommended by their dieticians. Brown rice, however, is considered to be healthier than white rice because it is unpolished and has more vitamins and fibre. The fibre in brown rice will keep a person feeling full longer.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Does preserved food have higher calories?
answer: Yes, most preserved foods have higher calories because sugar is often added when the food is processed. Many vitamins are also lost when food is processed. It is always healthier to eat fresh produce. When buying processed food, you need to read food labels for details and not to be misled by words such as ‘sugar-free' and ‘cholesterol-free'.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: What is the difference between “No sugar” and “Sugar-free”?
answer: When the label on a bottle states, “No Sugar Added”, it means that the manufacturer does not add sugar to the product. However, the sugar content in jam comes from the fruit (fructose), and moderate consumption is advised. There is natural sugar in most of the foods we eat. For example, milk sugar (lactose) is found in dairy foods such as cheese and yoghurt. Chocolate sugar (maltose) can be found in malted beverages, and all types of flour, when absorbed in the digestive system, become glucose.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: How can I get better at reading food labels?
answer: Here are some tips to help you read food labels.
    • Serving sizes and servings per container are located right at the top of the nutritional information panel. 
    • “Total carbohydrate” refers to the amount of starch, sugar, and fibres present in the food. It is important to bear in mind that sugar has already been included as total carbohydrate.
    • To compare between different brands of the same food, use the “per100g” column on the nutritional panel.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine.
question: Can I still consume sweeteners if I am diabetic?
answer: Sweeteners can be safely consumed by diabetics as they do not increase blood sugar levels. They should, however, be taken in small amounts and occasionally. Excessive intake is not advisable because some sweeteners, based on certain forms of carbohydrate source, still contain calories. Sugar substitutes that are commonly available in Singapore include:
    • Aspartame (found in Equal)
    • Saccharin (Hermestas)
    • Sucralose (Splenda)
    • Stevia, a herbal product (Equal Stevia, Jovia)
    • Xylitol, a plant-based sugar alcohol (XyloSweet)
    • Acesulfame Potassium (found in carbonated drinks and protein shakes)
Source: HealthXChange, HealthHub
https://www.healthxchange.sg/food-nutrition/food-tips/artificial-sweeteners-how-safe
https://www.healthhub.sg/programmes/191/nutrition-hub/eat-less#:~:text=For%20baking%20and%20cooking%2C%20avoid,acesulfame%20K%20and%20sucralose%20instead
Q&A taken from HealthH.
question: What does insulin resistance mean?
answer: Insulin resistance means some body cells don't react properly to insulin – they cannot be unlocked to let in glucose from the bloodstream. 
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: What causes insulin resistance and what can I do about it?
answer: One possible cause of insulin resistance is obesity and a high-calorie diet. A diet high in carbs, sugar, and fat increases calorie intake and contributes to obesity. Losing 5 to 10% of our body weight is enough to increase insulin sensitivity. Use My Healthy Plate or consult a dietician to guide you on how much to eat. Another cause of insulin resistance is lack of exercise. Do light workouts like walking and swimming to improve insulin insensitivity and help you lose excess weight. Insulin resistance may also be caused by factors like ethnicity, certain diseases, steroid use, some medications, older age, sleep problems, and smoking.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes
.
question: What does insulin shortage mean?
answer: When there's a shortage of insulin, glucose cannot be transported into body cells effectively, leaving excess glucose in the bloodstream.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: What causes insulin shortage and what can I do about it?
answer: Insulin shortage can be caused your diet and an overworked pancreas. Carbs and sugar get broken down into glucose. A high-carb, high-sugar diet means we need more insulin to process all that glucose. Over time, this could overwork and damage the pancreas, causing it to produce less insulin. To combat this, avoid eating too many portions of refined carbs (e.g., white rice, white bread) and sugary foods. Another possible factor that causes insulin shortage is obesity and a fatty pancreas. Obesity causes fat to gather in the pancreas. The more fat in the pancreas, the less insulin it makes. To shed pancreatic fat, you need to lose excess weight.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: Who is most at risk of developing type 2 diabetes?
answer: You're more likely to develop type 2 diabetes if you:
- Are overweight or obese (BMI of 23.0 kg/m² or higher)
- Lead an inactive lifestyle
- Are 40 years old and above
- Have a parent or sibling with diabetes
- Have a history of gestational diabetes
- Have impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting glucose
- Have abnormal blood cholesterol or lipid levels
- Have high blood pressure
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: What are some common symptoms of diabetes?
answer: Diabetes symptoms might be so mild they go unnoticed. Get yourself screened if you notice some of these symptoms, even if you feel well. Early detection and treatment can reduce risk of complications.
- Blurred vision
- Feeling hungry all the time
- Feeling thirsty all the time (despite drinking lots of water)
- Frequent urination
- Losing weight
- Poor healing of wounds and/or infection
- Feeling tired and weak
- Numbness or tingling in hands, arms, feet, and legs
- Feeling of nausea and/or vomiting
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: What kinds of complications can diabetes cause?
answer: Diabetes can cause microvascular (small vessel) diseases like nerve damage, retinopathy, and kidney failure. To detect these early, go for regular screening. Diabetes can also cause macrovascular (medium and large vessel) complications like stroke, heart attack, and reduced blood circulation. Some ways to prevent these complications are exercising, losing excess weight, and quitting smoking.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: How does diabetes lead to nerve damage?
answer: Diabetes can lead to nerve damage and loss of feeling in the feet. This means your feet can be injured without you feeling it, which increases the risk for ulcers and infections. To combat this, go for regular foot screening.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: How does diabetes lead to retinopathy?
answer: Diabetes may lead to retinopathy, which is damage to blood vessels in the eye, and in turn, lead to blindness. To prevent this, go for regular retinal photography screening.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: How does diabetes lead to kidney failure?
answer: Diabetes increases the risk for kidney disease. This can lead to kidney failure, which requires dialysis to treat. Go for regular urine tests to check for microalbumin/protein and regular blood tests to evaluate kidney function.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: How does diabetes lead to stroke?
answer: Diabetes may damage blood vessels in the brain, which can lead to stroke. If any signs of stroke appear, go to the hospital immediately.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: How does diabetes lead to heart attack?
answer: Diabetes may cause damage and blockages to the blood vessels of the heart, which can lead to a heart attack. If you experience chest pains, consult a doctor immediately.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: How does diabetes lead to reduced blood circulation?
answer: Diabetes can reduce or block blood flow to your legs, which may lead to gangrene (tissue death due to loss of blood supply) and even amputation. If you experience pain in the leg brought on by walking that is relieved with rest, or skin turning a darker colour (e.g., brown, purplish-blue, black), see a doctor immediately.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: How do I look out for hypoglycaemia?
answer: These are the common signs and symptoms of hypoglycaemia:
- Hunger
- Changes in behaviour (e.g., moodiness, confusion)
- Unconsciousness
- Tiredness
- Trembling hands/nervousness
- Sweating
- Dizziness/headache
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: What should I do if I think I have hypoglycaemia?
answer: Check your blood glucose levels. If it is low, drink half a glass of sweetened beverages (e.g., juice). Alternatively, eat sweets or glucose tablets.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: How do I look out for hyperglycaemia?
answer: These are the common signs and symptoms of hyperglycaemia:
- Feeling tired and weak
- Frequent urination
- Feeling of nausea and/or vomiting
- Blurred vision
- Feeling thirsty all the time
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: I am sick. What should I do?
answer: Here are some tips to manage sick days:
- See a doctor
- Get plenty of sleep
- Eat regular meals
- Drink plenty of plain water
- Take medication/insulin as per normal
- Check blood glucose levels more frequently (if unusually high, see a doctor immediately)
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: What kind of carbs should I consume?
answer: We need carbohydrates in our diet for energy, but some carbs are better than others when it comes to managing diabetes. Choose those that raise your blood glucose slowly. Try to choose wholegrains more often and refined grains less often. Examples of wholegrains are brown rice, oats, wholemeal bread, and whole wheat flour. Refined grains refer to white bread, white rice, and fine wheat flour. Basmati and cous cous fall in between these two categories.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: What are the benefits of high-fibre food?
answer: Firstly, fibre from fruits, veggies, and grains fills you up. You stay full longer and are less likely to overeat. Secondly, fibre takes longer to digest. Slower digestion means a slower rise in blood glucose, compared to food with little/no fibre. This helps you better manage your blood glucose.
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabetes.
question: What foods are highest in fibre?
answer: Here are some common sources of fibre:
- Vegetables
- Fruit
- Wholegrain products
- Beans, legumes, and nuts
Source: HealthHub
https://www.healthhub.sg/a-z/diseases-and-conditions/676/pocket-guide-to-diabet.
question: What is diabetes?
answer: Diabetes is a chronic disease that occurs either when the pancreas does not produce enough insulin or when the body cannot effectively use the insulin it produces. Insulin is a hormone that regulates blood glucose. Hyperglycaemia, also called raised blood glucose or raised blood sugar, is a common effect of uncontrolled diabetes and over time leads to serious damage to many of the body's systems, especially the nerves and blood vessels.
question: What are common symptoms of diabetes?
answer: Symptoms of diabetes include: feeling very thirsty, needing to urinate more often than usual, blurred vision, feeling tired, and losing weight unintentionally. Over time, diabetes can damage blood vessels in the heart, eyes, kidneys and nerves.
Symptoms of type 2 diabetes can be mild. They may take several years to be noticed.  Symptoms may be similar to those of type 1 diabetes but are often less marked. As a result, the disease may be diagnosed several years after onset, after complications have already arisen.
question: Health problems caused by diabetes?
answer: Over time, diabetes can damage blood vessels in the heart, eyes, kidneys and nerves. People with diabetes have a higher risk of health problems including heart attack, stroke and kidney failure. Diabetes can cause permanent vision loss by damaging blood vessels in the eyes. Many people with diabetes develop problems with their feet from nerve damage and poor blood flow. This can cause foot ulcers and may lead to amputation.
question: What is gestational diabetes?
answer: Gestational diabetes is hyperglycaemia with blood glucose values above normal but below those diagnostic of diabetes. Gestational diabetes occurs during pregnancy.
question: How do I know if I have gestational diabetes?
answer: Gestational diabetes is diagnosed through prenatal screening, rather than through reported symptoms.
question: Any long-term effects of gestational diabetes?
answer: Women with gestational diabetes are at an increased risk of complications during pregnancy and at delivery. These women and possibly their children are also at increased risk of type 2 diabetes in the future.
question: What is Type 1 diabetes?
answer: Type 1 diabetes (previously known as insulin-dependent, juvenile or childhood-onset) is characterised by deficient insulin production and requires daily administration of insulin. Neither its cause nor the means to prevent it are known.
question: What is Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Type 2 diabetes affects how your body uses sugar (glucose) for energy. It stops the body from using insulin properly, which can lead to high levels of blood sugar if not treated. Type 2 diabetes is often preventable. Factors that contribute to developing type 2 diabetes include being overweight, not getting enough exercise, and genetics. 
question: How do I treat Type 1 diabetes?
answer: People with type 1 diabetes need insulin injections for survival.
question: How do I treat Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Some people with type 2 diabetes will need to take medicines to help manage their blood sugar levels. These can include insulin injections or other medicines. Some examples include:
- Metformin
- Sulfonylureas
- Sodium-glucose co-transporters type 2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors
question: How to treat diabetes?
answer: One of the most important ways to treat diabetes is to keep a healthy lifestyle. Along with medicines to lower blood sugar, people with diabetes often need medications to lower their blood pressure and statins to reduce the risk of complications. 
question: Can I prevent Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Lifestyle changes are the best way to prevent or delay the onset of type 2 diabetes. To help prevent type 2 diabetes and its complications, people should:
- Reach and keep a healthy body weight
- Stay physically active with at least 30 minutes of moderate exercise everyday
- Eat a healthy diet and avoid sugar and saturated fats
- Not smoke tobacco
question: How to prevent Type 2 diabetes symptoms from worsening?
answer: Early diagnosis is important to prevent the worst effects of type 2 diabetes. The best way to detect diabetes early is to get regular check-ups and blood tests with a healthcare provider. 
question: What is glucose?
answer: Glucose is the type of sugar that exists in our blood and is the main source of energy for our body. It is derived from carbohydrates which are found in foods such as rice, noodles, bread, and sugar.
question: How does exercise manage diabetes?
answer: Regular exercise is important for diabetes control and for a healthy lifestyle in general. Exercise allows you to control your weight and help keep your heart healthy as well, which helps to reduce the risk of other health complications in future.
question: How does smoking affect diabetics?
answer: Smoking is bad for health, and especially dangerous for diabetes patients, as it results in the narrowing of blood vessels already caused by diabetes. This can lead to reduced blood flow to organs and result in serious complications.  
question: Why should I screen regularly for diabetes?
answer: Early detection is crucial in fighting chronic conditions such as diabetes. Detecting risk factors early can help to combat the problem before it becomes more serious.
question: When should I start screening for risk factors contributing to diabetes?
answer: Screenings for height and weight, waist circumference, blood pressure should be done annually for anyone older than 18 years old. Yearly screenings for glucose and cholesterol are also important for individuals above 40 years old.  Screenings should start earlier if there are any risk factors such as obesity or family history of diabetes.
question: What is prediabetes?
answer: Prediabetes is a condition in which blood glucose levels are too high to be considered normal but not high enough to be labeled diabetes. People have prediabetes if their fasting blood glucose level is between 100 mg/dL (5.6 mmol/L) and 125 mg/dL (6.9 mmol/L) or if their blood glucose level 2 hours after a glucose tolerance test is between 140 mg/dL (7.8 mmol/L) and 199 mg/dL (11.0 mmol/L). Prediabetes carries a higher risk of future diabetes as well as heart disease. Decreasing body weight by 5 to 10% through diet and exercise can significantly reduce the risk of developing diabetes.
question: Who is affected with Type 1 diabetes?
answer: Only about 5 to 10% of all people with diabetes have type 1 disease. Most people who have type 1 diabetes develop the disease before age 30, although it can develop later in life.
question: Who is affected with Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Type 2 diabetes was once rare in children and adolescents but has become more common. However, it usually begins in people older than 30 and becomes progressively more common with age. About 26% of people older than 65 have type 2 diabetes. 
question: What is the main risk factor contributing to onset of Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Obesity is the chief risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes, and 80 to 90% of people with this disorder are overweight or obese. Because obesity causes insulin resistance, obese people may need large amounts of insulin to maintain normal blood glucose levels.
question: Who is most at risk in developing Type 2 diabetes?
answer: People of African, Asian American, American Indian, Alaskan native, and Spanish or Latin American ancestry are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes tends to run in families. 
question: Can other disorders or medications lead to development of Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Certain disorders and medications can affect the way the body uses insulin and can lead to type 2 diabetes. Examples of common states (conditions) that result in impaired insulin use are: 
- High levels of corticosteroids (most commonly due to use of corticosteroid medications, such as prednisone, or Cushing syndrome)
- Pregnancy (gestational diabetes)
Diabetes also may occur in people with excess production of growth hormone (acromegaly) and in people with certain hormone-secreting tumors. Severe or recurring pancreatitis and other disorders that directly damage the pancreas can lead to diabetes.
question: What diet to follow for diabetics?
answer: People with diabetes need to follow a healthy diet that is low in refined carbohydrates (including sugar), saturated fat, and processed foods.
question: What is insulin?
answer: Insulin is a hormone released from the pancreas (an organ behind the stomach that also produces digestive enzymes) which controls the amount of glucose in the blood. Glucose in the bloodstream stimulates the pancreas to produce insulin. Insulin helps glucose to move from the blood into the cells. Once inside the cells, glucose is converted to energy, which is used immediately, or the glucose is stored as fat or the starch glycogen until it is needed. If the body does not produce enough insulin to move the glucose into the cells, or if the cells stop responding normally to insulin (called insulin resistance), the resulting high levels of glucose in the blood and the inadequate amount of glucose in the cells together produce the symptoms and complications of diabetes.
question: Why do I urinate often?
answer: When the blood glucose level rises above 160 to 180 mg/dL (8.9 to 10.0 mmol/L), glucose spills into the urine. When the level of glucose in the urine rises even higher, the kidneys excrete additional water to dilute the large amount of glucose. Because the kidneys produce excessive urine, people with diabetes urinate large volumes frequently (polyuria). 
question: Why am I so hungry?
answer: The excessive urination creates abnormal thirst (polydipsia). Because excessive calories are lost in the urine, people may lose weight. To compensate, diabetics often feel excessively hungry. 
question: What are some complications brought about by diabetes?
answer: Diabetes damages blood vessels, causing them to narrow and therefore restricting blood flow. Because blood vessels throughout the body are affected, people may have many complications of diabetes. Many organs can be affected, particularly the following:
- Brain, causing stroke
- Eyes (diabetic retinopathy), causing blindness
- Heart, causing heart attack
- Kidneys (diabetic nephropathy), causing chronic kidney disease
- Nerves (diabetic neuropathy), causing decreased sensation in mainly in the feet and legs
High blood glucose levels also cause disturbances in the body's immune system, so people with diabetes mellitus are particularly susceptible to bacterial and fungal infections.
question: What is the use of measuring blood glucose?
answer: Doctors check blood glucose levels in people who have symptoms of diabetes, such as increased thirst, urination, or hunger. Additionally, doctors may check blood glucose levels in people who have disorders that can be complications of diabetes, such as frequent infections, foot ulcers, and yeast infections.
question: How is blood glucose measured?
answer: To accurately evaluate blood glucose levels, doctors usually use a blood sample taken after people have fasted overnight. Diabetes can be diagnosed if fasting blood glucose levels are 126 mg/dL (7.0 mmol/L) or higher. However, it is possible to use blood samples taken after people have eaten. Some elevation of blood glucose levels after eating is normal, but even after a meal the levels should not be very high. Diabetes can be diagnosed if a random (not done after fasting) blood glucose level is higher than 200 mg/dL (11.1 mmol/L).
question: What is hemoglobin A1c? 
answer: Hemoglobin A1C (also called glycosylated or glycolated hemoglobin) is a protein in the blood which reflects the person's long-term trends in blood glucose levels rather than rapid changes. Hemoglobin is the red, oxygen-carrying substance in red blood cells. When blood is exposed to high blood glucose levels over a period of time, glucose attaches to the hemoglobin and forms glycosylated hemoglobin. The hemoglobin A1C level blood test is reported as the percentage of hemoglobin that is A1C. Measurements of hemoglobin A1C can be used to diagnose diabetes when testing is done by a certified laboratory (not by instruments used at home or in a doctor's office). People with a hemoglobin A1C level of 6.5% or more have diabetes. If the level is between 5.7 and 6.4, they have prediabetes and are at risk of developing diabetes. 
question: What is an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)?
answer: Another kind of blood test, an oral glucose tolerance test, may be done in certain situations, such as screening pregnant women for gestational diabetes or testing older people who have symptoms of diabetes but normal glucose levels when fasting. However, it is not routinely used for testing for diabetes because the test can be very cumbersome. In this test, people fast, have a blood sample taken to determine the fasting blood glucose level, and then drink a special solution containing a large, standard amount of glucose. More blood samples are then taken over the next 2 to 3 hours and are tested to determine whether the glucose in the blood rises to abnormally high levels.
question: Why is it important to check blood glucose levels?
answer: Blood glucose levels are often checked during a routine physical examination. Checking the levels of glucose in the blood regularly is particularly important in older people because diabetes is so common in later life. People may have diabetes, particularly type 2 diabetes, and not know it. 
question: Who should be screened for Type 1 diabetes?
answer: Doctors do not do routine tests to screen for type 1 diabetes even in people at high risk of type 1 diabetes (such as siblings or children of people who have type 1 diabetes). 
question: Who should be screened for Type 2 diabetes?
answer: it is important to do screening tests in people at risk of type 2 diabetes, including those who:
- Are 35 years or older
- Have overweight or obesity
- Have a sedentary lifestyle
- Have a family history of diabetes
- Have prediabetes
- Have had diabetes during pregnancy or had a baby who weighed more than 9 pounds (4,000 grams) at birth
- Have high blood pressure
- Have a lipid disorder such as high cholesterol
- Have cardiovascular disease
- Have fatty liver disease
- Have polycystic ovary disease
- Have racial or ethnic ancestry that is associated with high risk
- Have HIV infection
question: How often should at-risk people be screened for diabetes?
answer: People with risk factors should be screened for diabetes at least once every three years. Diabetes risk can also be estimated using a risk calculator from the American Diabetes Association. Doctors may measure fasting blood glucose levels and hemoglobin A1C level, or do an oral glucose tolerance test. If the test results are on the border between normal and abnormal, doctors do the screening tests more often, at least once a year.
question: How to treat diabetes mellitus?
answer: Diet, exercise, and education are the cornerstones of treatment of diabetes and often the first recommendations for people with mild diabetes. Weight loss is important for people who are overweight. People who continue to have elevated blood glucose levels despite lifestyle changes, or have very high blood glucose levels and people with type 1 diabetes (no matter their blood glucose levels) also require medication. Because complications are less likely to develop if people with diabetes strictly control their blood glucose levels, the goal of diabetes treatment is to keep blood glucose levels as close to the normal range as possible.
question: Why do I need to manage my diet?
answer: Diet management is very important in people with either type of diabetes mellitus. Doctors recommend a healthy, balanced diet and efforts to maintain a healthy weight. People with diabetes can benefit from meeting with a dietitian or a diabetes educator to develop an optimal eating plan. Such a plan includes
- Avoiding simple sugars and processed foods
- Increasing dietary fiber
- Limiting portions of carbohydrate-rich and fatty foods (especially saturated fats)
question: What is carb-counting and why should I do it?
answer: People with Type 1 diabetes and certain people with Type 2 diabetes may use carbohydrate counting or the carbohydrate exchange system to match their insulin dose to the carbohydrate content of their meal. "Counting" the amount of carbohydrate in a meal is used to calculate the amount of insulin the person takes before eating. However, the carbohydrate-to-insulin ratio (the amount of insulin taken for each gram of carbohydrate in the meal) varies for each person, and people with diabetes need to work closely with a dietician who has experience in working with people with diabetes to master the technique. Some experts have advised use of the glycemic index (a measure of the impact of an ingested carbohydrate-containing food on the blood glucose level) to delineate between rapid and slowly metabolized carbohydrates, although there is little evidence to support this approach. 
question: How does exercising benefit diabetics?
answer: Exercise, in appropriate amounts (at least 150 minutes a week spread out over at least three days), can help people control their weight and improve blood glucose levels. Because blood glucose levels go down during exercise, people must be alert for symptoms of hypoglycemia. Some people need to eat a small snack during prolonged exercise, decrease their insulin dose, or both.
question: Why do I need to lose weight if I am obese?
answer: Many people, especially those with Type 2 diabetes, are overweight or obese. Some people with Type 2 diabetes may be able to avoid or delay the need to take medications by achieving and maintaining a healthy weight. Weight loss is also important in these people because excess weight contributes to complications of diabetes. When obese people with diabetes have trouble losing weight with diet and exercise alone, doctors may give weight-loss medication or recommend bariatric surgery (surgery to cause weight loss). Certain diabetes medications can induce weight loss, especially glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and SGLT2 inhibitor medications. Sometimes a doctor will recommend a medication that helps with weight loss.
question: It is physically hard for me to check my blood glucose. What can I do?
answer: Poor vision, limited manual dexterity due to arthritis, tremor, or stroke, or other physical limitations may make monitoring blood glucose levels more difficult for some people. However, special monitors are available. Some have large numerical displays that are easier to read. Some provide audible instructions and results. Some monitors read blood glucose levels through the skin and do not require a blood sample. People can consult a diabetes educator to determine which meter is most appropriate.
question: What are the ideal ranges to keep in mind for diabetes treatment?
answer: Experts recommend that people keep their blood glucose levels
- Between 80 and 130 mg/dL (4.4 and 7.2 mmol/L) fasting (before meals)
- Less than 180 mg/dL (10.0 mmol/L) 2 hours after meals
Hemoglobin A1C levels should be less than 7%.
Some other goals are keeping systolic blood pressure less than 140 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure less than 90 mm Hg. For people with diabetes who have heart disease or are at high risk for heart disease, the blood pressure goal is less than 130/80 mm Hg.
question: What causes my blood glucose level to change?
answer: Many things cause blood glucose levels to change:
- Diet
- Exercise
- Stress
- Illness
- Medications
- Time of day
The blood glucose levels may jump after people eat foods they did not realize were high in carbohydrates. Emotional stress, an infection, and many medications tend to increase blood glucose levels. Blood glucose levels increase in many people in the early morning hours because of the normal release of hormones (growth hormone and cortisol), a reaction called the dawn phenomenon. Blood glucose may shoot too high if the body releases certain hormones in response to low blood glucose levels (Somogyi effect). Exercise may cause the levels of glucose in the blood to fall low.
question: How can I check my blood glucose level on my own?
answer: A fingerstick glucose test is most often used to monitor blood glucose. Most blood glucose monitoring devices (glucose meters) use a drop of blood obtained by pricking the tip of the finger with a small lancet. The lancet holds a tiny needle that can be poked into the finger or placed in a spring-loaded device that easily and quickly pierces the skin. Most people find that the pricking causes only minimal discomfort. Then, a drop of blood is placed on a reagent strip. The strip contains chemicals that undergo changes depending on the glucose level. The glucose meter reads the changes in the test strip and reports the result on a digital display. Some devices allow the blood sample to be obtained from other sites, such as the palm, forearm, upper arm, thigh, or calf. Home glucose meters are smaller than a deck of cards.
question: What is continuous glucose monitoring (CGM)?
answer: Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems use a small glucose sensor placed under the skin. The sensor measures blood glucose levels every few minutes. There are two types of CGMs, with different purposes:
- Professional CGMs collect continuous blood glucose information over a period of time (72 hours to up to 14 days). Health care providers use this information to make treatment recommendations. Professional CGMs do not provide data to the person with diabetes.
- Personal CGMs are used by the person and provide real-time blood glucose data on a small portable monitor or on a connected smartphone. Alarms on the CGM system can be set to sound when blood glucose levels drop too low or climb too high, so the device can help people quickly identify worrisome changes in blood glucose.
CGMs can be worn for up to 14 days, often do not require calibration, and can be used for insulin dosing without fingerstick glucose confirmation. There are also systems in which the CGM device communicates with insulin pumps to either stop delivery of insulin when blood glucose is dropping (threshold suspend), or to give daily insulin (hybrid closed loop system).
question: Is CGM suitable for me?
answer: CGM systems are particularly helpful in certain circumstances, such as in people with type 1 diabetes who have frequent, rapid changes in blood glucose (particularly when the glucose levels sometimes go very low), which are difficult to identify with fingerstick testing. CGM systems allow people to measure the period of time that their blood glucose stays within a certain range, and doctors use this measurement to set goals for treatment and adjust insulin dose.
question: Should I record my blood glucose level?
answer: Keeping a record of blood glucose levels and reporting them to their doctor or nurse helps doctors and nurses provide advice in adjusting the dose of insulin or the oral antihyperglycemic medication. Many people can learn to adjust the insulin dose on their own as necessary. Some people who have mild or early type 2 diabetes that is well-controlled with one or two medications may be able to monitor their fingerstick glucose levels relatively infrequently.
question: How does the hemoglobin AlC test differ from blood glucose measurement?
answer: When the blood glucose levels are high, changes occur in hemoglobin, the protein that carries oxygen in the blood. These changes are in direct proportion to the blood glucose levels over an extended period. The higher the hemoglobin A1C level, the higher the person's glucose levels have been. Thus, unlike the blood glucose measurement, which reveals the level at a particular moment, the hemoglobin A1C measurement demonstrates whether the blood glucose levels have been controlled over the previous few months. 
question: What does it mean to be diabetic?
answer: Diabetes, also known as Diabetes Mellitus, is a condition where one’s blood glucose levels are higher than normal. People with diabetes have high levels of glucose in their blood because their bodies are unable to process the glucose. This can be due to a lack of insulin being produced by the body (Type 1 diabetes) or their body cells having developed a resistance to insulin (Type 2 diabetes).
question: How many types of diabetes are there?
answer: There are two major types of diabetes: Type 1 diabetes and Type 2 diabetes.
question: What’s the difference between Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes?
answer: In Type 1 diabetes, In this condition, the pancreas makes little or no insulin. Without enough insulin, glucose builds up in the bloodstream instead of going into the cells. This buildup of glucose in the blood is called hyperglycemia. Over time, high glucose levels can affect the nerves and blood vessels and damage many organs and tissues of the body. People with Type 2 diabetes can produce insulin, but their bodies are unable to use it to break down glucose.
question: How to manage Type 1 diabetes?
answer: Lifelong insulin injections are required to ensure that the body is able to process glucose effectively.
question: How to manage Type 2 diabetes?
answer: It can be managed with a healthy diet and regular exercise, but most patients also need to take medication.
question: Who gets diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes?
answer: Type 1 diabetes occurs in individuals at any age, although it is most often diagnosed in children or young adults.
question: Who gets diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Individuals over 45 years old have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes. However, children or young adults who have a family history of diabetes, or are obese may also develop this condition.
question: When should I start screening for diabetes?
answer: Individuals aged 40 years old and above are recommended to screen for diabetes at least once a year.
question: What are the symptoms of diabetes?
answer: There are many different symptoms of diabetes, some of which include:
- Frequent urination
- Excessive thirst
- Weight loss despite eating well
- Extreme fatigue
- Sores that don’t heal
- Blurry vision
question: What are the long-term complications of diabetes?
answer: Uncontrolled diabetes can cause the blood sugar to fluctuate between very high (hyperglycaemia) and very low (hypoglycaemia). Both situations can cause a diabetic to become very sick very quickly and even go into a coma. Other long-term complications of diabetes include: 
- Coronary heart diseases such as angina or heart attack
- Stroke
- Eye disease​
- Kidney disease
- Foot diseases such as numbness, ulcers and even gangrene
- Nerve disease which can lead to problems such as impotence and problems in movement of bowels
question: Can diabetes become a chronic problem?
answer: Diabetes (Type 2) is also part of a group of chronic conditions known as metabolic syndrome, which includes high cholesterol, high blood pressure, and obesity. It is important to keep diabetes under control, so as to maintain your quality of life and reduce the risk of complications arising, such as heart diseases, strokes, kidney failure and blindness.
question: What causes Type 1 diabetes?
answer: In Type 1 diabetes (formerly called insulin-dependent diabetes or juvenile-onset diabetes), the body's immune system attacks the insulin-producing cells of the pancreas, and more than 90% of them are permanently destroyed. The pancreas, therefore, produces little or no insulin. Scientists believe that an environmental factor—possibly a viral infection or a nutritional factor during childhood or early adulthood—causes the immune system to destroy the insulin-producing cells of the pancreas. A genetic predisposition makes some people more susceptible to an environmental factor.
question: What causes Type 2 diabetes?
answer: In Type 2 diabetes (formerly called non–insulin-dependent diabetes or adult-onset diabetes), the pancreas often continues to produce insulin, sometimes even at higher-than-normal levels, especially early in the disease. However, the body develops resistance to the effects of insulin, so there is not enough insulin to meet the body’s needs. As Type 2 diabetes progresses, the insulin-producing ability of the pancreas decreases. 
question: What are other less known symptoms of diabetes?
answer: Other symptoms of diabetes include blurred vision, drowsiness, nausea, and decreased endurance during exercise.
question: How do the symptoms present in Type 1 diabetes?
answer: In people with type 1 diabetes, the symptoms often begin abruptly and dramatically. A serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis, a complication in which the body produces excess acid, may quickly develop. In addition to the usual diabetes symptoms of excessive thirst and urination, the initial symptoms of diabetic ketoacidosis also include nausea, vomiting, fatigue, and—particularly in children—abdominal pain. Breathing tends to become deep and rapid as the body attempts to correct the blood’s acidity (see Acidosis), and the breath smells fruity and like nail polish remover. Without treatment, diabetic ketoacidosis can progress to coma and death, sometimes very quickly.
After type 1 diabetes has begun, some people have a long but temporary phase of near-normal glucose levels (honeymoon phase) due to partial recovery of insulin secretion.
question: How do the symptoms present in Type 2 diabetes?
answer: People with type 2 diabetes may not have any symptoms for years or decades before they are diagnosed. Symptoms may be subtle. Increased urination and thirst are mild at first and gradually worsen over weeks or months. Eventually, people feel extremely fatigued, are likely to develop blurred vision, and may become dehydrated. Sometimes during the early stages of diabetes, the blood glucose level is abnormally low at times, a condition called hypoglycemia. Because people with type 2 diabetes produce some insulin, ketoacidosis does not usually develop even when type 2 diabetes is untreated for a long time. Rarely, the blood glucose levels become extremely high (even exceeding 1,000 mg/dL [55.5 mmol/L]). Such high levels often happen as the result of some superimposed stress, such as an infection or medication use. When the blood glucose levels get very high, people may develop severe dehydration, which may lead to mental confusion, drowsiness, and seizures, a condition called hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state. Many people with type 2 diabetes are diagnosed by routine blood glucose testing before they develop such severely high blood glucose levels.
question: What is the ideal range for hemoglobin A1C level?
answer: People with diabetes aim for a hemoglobin A1C level of less than 7%. Achieving this level is sometimes difficult, but the lower the hemoglobin A1C level, the less likely people are to have complications. Doctors may recommend a slightly higher or lower target for certain people depending on their particular health situation. However, levels above 9% show poor control, and levels above 12% show very poor control. Most doctors who specialize in diabetes care recommend that hemoglobin A1C be measured every 3 to 6 months. 
question: Why is urine test not recommended in monitoring my blood glucose?
answer: Although urine can also be tested for the presence of glucose, checking urine is not a good way to monitor or adjust treatment. Urine testing can be misleading because the amount of glucose in the urine may not reflect the current level of glucose in the blood. Blood glucose levels can get very low or reasonably high without any change in the glucose levels in the urine.
question: Why is my blood glucose level frequently unstable?
answer: People with type 1 diabetes may have more frequent swings in blood glucose levels because insulin production is completely absent. Infection, delayed movement of food through the stomach, and other hormonal disorders may also contribute to blood glucose swings. In all people who have difficulty controlling blood glucose, doctors look for other disorders that might be causing the problem and also give people additional education on how to monitor diabetes and take their medications.
question: Can I prevent Type 1 diabetes?
answer: No treatments prevent the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus. Some medications may induce remission of early type 1 diabetes in some people, possibly because they prevent the immune system from destroying the cells of the pancreas. However, these changes are temporary, and the medications cause side effects that limit their use.
question: Can I prevent Type 2 diabetes?
answer: Type 2 diabetes can be prevented with lifestyle changes. People who are overweight and lose as little as 7 percent of their body weight and who increase physical activity (for example, walking 30 minutes per day) can decrease their risk of diabetes mellitus by more than 50%. Metformin, a medication that is used to treat diabetes, may reduce the risk of diabetes in people with impaired glucose regulation. 
question: What is hypoglycemia?
answer: Hypoglycemia is abnormally low levels of sugar (glucose) in the blood. Normally, the body maintains the level of glucose in the blood within a range of about 70 to 110 milligrams per deciliter (mg/dL), or 3.9 to 6.1 millimoles per liter (mmol/L) of blood. In hypoglycemia, the glucose level becomes too low. Although diabetes mellitus, a disorder involving blood glucose levels, is characterised by high levels of glucose in the blood (hyperglycemia), many people with diabetes periodically experience hypoglycemia due to side effects of diabetes treatment. Hypoglycemia is uncommon among people without diabetes.
question: What causes hypoglycemia?
answer: Hypoglycemia is most often caused by medications taken to control diabetes. Much less common causes of hypoglycemia include other medications, critical illness or organ failure, a reaction to carbohydrates (in susceptible people), an insulin-producing tumor in the pancreas, and some types of bariatric (weight loss) surgery. 
question: Why are diabetics more prone to hypoglycemia?
answer: Most cases of hypoglycemia occur in people with diabetes and are caused by insulin or other medications (especially, sulfonylureas, see Medication Treatment of Diabetes Mellitus: Oral Antihyperglycemic Medications) that they take to lower the levels of glucose in their blood. Hypoglycemia is more common when intense efforts are made to keep the glucose levels in the blood as close to normal as possible, or when people who take insulin do not check blood glucose levels frequently enough. People with diabetes who reduce food intake or who develop chronic kidney disease are more likely to have hypoglycemia. Older people are more susceptible than younger people to hypoglycemia resulting from sulfonylurea medications.
If, after taking a dose of a medication for diabetes, a person eats less than usual or is more physically active than normal, the medication may lower the level of glucose in the blood too much. People who have had diabetes for a long time are particularly prone to hypoglycemia in these situations because they may not produce enough glucagon or epinephrine to counteract a low level of glucose in the blood.
question: What are the symptoms of hypoglycemia?
answer: Hypoglycemia symptoms rarely develop until the level of glucose in the blood falls below 60 mg/dL (3.3 mmol/L). Some people develop symptoms at slightly higher levels, especially when blood glucose levels fall quickly, and some do not develop symptoms until the glucose levels in their blood are much lower.
- Mild hypoglycemia: Sweating, nervousness, shaking, faintness, palpitations, and hunger
- Severe hypoglycemia: Dizziness, fatigue, weakness, headaches, inability to concentrate, confusion, slurred speech, blurred vision, seizures, and coma
The body first responds to a fall in the level of glucose in the blood by releasing epinephrine from the adrenal glands. Epinephrine is a hormone that stimulates the release of glucose from body stores but also causes symptoms similar to those of an anxiety attack: sweating, nervousness, shaking, faintness, palpitations, and hunger.
More severe hypoglycemia reduces the glucose supply to the brain, causing dizziness, fatigue, weakness, headaches, inability to concentrate, confusion, inappropriate behavior that can be mistaken for drunkenness, slurred speech, blurred vision, seizures, and coma. Severe and prolonged hypoglycemia may permanently damage the brain.
Symptoms can begin slowly or suddenly, progressing from mild discomfort to severe confusion or panic within minutes. Sometimes, people who have had diabetes for many years (especially if they have had frequent episodes of hypoglycemia) are no longer able to sense the early symptoms of hypoglycemia, and faintness or even coma may develop without any other warning.
question: How do I treat hypoglycemia?
answer: The symptoms of hypoglycemia are relieved within minutes of consuming sugar in any form, such as candy, glucose tablets, or a sweet drink, such as a glass of fruit juice. People with recurring episodes of hypoglycemia, especially those with diabetes, often prefer to carry glucose tablets because the tablets take effect quickly and provide a consistent amount of sugar. These people may benefit from consuming sugar followed by a food that provides longer-lasting carbohydrates (such as bread or crackers). When hypoglycemia is severe or prolonged and taking sugar by mouth is not possible, doctors quickly give glucose intravenously to prevent brain damage. People who are known to be at risk of episodes of severe hypoglycemia may keep glucagon on hand for emergencies. Glucagon administration stimulates the liver to release large amounts of glucose. It is given by injection or by a nasal inhaler and generally restores blood glucose to an adequate level within 5 to 15 minutes. Glucagon kits are easy to use, and family members or trusted others can be trained to administer the glucagon.
question: What can I do to avoid hypoglycemia?
answer: If a medication is causing hypoglycemia, the dose is adjusted or the medication is changed. People who do not have diabetes but are prone to hypoglycemia often can avoid episodes by eating frequent small meals rather than the usual three meals a day. Limiting intake of carbohydrates, especially simple sugars, is sometimes advocated to prevent hypoglycemia that occurs after a meal (called reactive hypoglycemia). Alpha-glucosidase inhibitors, such as acarbose, which slow the absorption of carbohydrates, have also been used successfully in people with reactive hypoglycemia and post-bariatric surgery hypoglycemia.
question: What medication can I take to lower blood glucose level?
answer: Oral antihyperglycemic medication can often lower blood glucose levels adequately in people with type 2 diabetes. However, they are not effective in type 1 diabetes. There are several types, but oral antihyperglycemic medications work in four major ways:
- Insulin secretagogues stimulate the pancreas to produce more insulin
- Insulin sensitisers do not affect the release of insulin but rather increase the body’s response to it
- Some medications delay absorption of glucose by the intestine
- Some medications increase glucose excretion in the urine
Insulin secretagogues include sulfonylureas (for example, glyburide, glipizide, and glimepiride) and meglitinides (for example, repaglinide and nateglinide).
Insulin sensitizers include biguanides (for example, metformin) and thiazolidinediones (for example, pioglitazone).
Medications that delay absorption of glucose by the intestine include alpha-glucosidase inhibitors (for example, acarbose and miglitol).
Medications that increase glucose secretion in the urine include sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors (for example, canagliflozin, dapagliflozin, and empagliflozin).
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP 4) inhibitors (for example, sitagliptin, saxagliptin, linagliptin, and alogliptin) both stimulate the pancreas to produce more insulin and delay the absorption of glucose by the intestine. These medications work by increasing glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1).
question: Why do I need to take medication for Type 2 diabetes?
answer: People with Type 2 diabetes are often prescribed oral antihyperglycemic medications if diet and exercise fail to lower the levels of glucose in the blood adequately. The medications are sometimes taken only once a day, in the morning, although some people need two or three doses. More than one type of oral medication, and/or an oral medication plus insulin or an injectable glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) medication or dual incretin agonist, may be used if one medication is not adequate.
question: Why did my doctor prescribe other medication not for lowering blood glucose level?
answer: Because people with diabetes mellitus are at risk of complications, such as heart attacks and strokes, it is important that people take medications to prevent or treat these complications. Unless there is a reason people cannot take one of these medications (for example, an allergy to the medication), they may be given the following:
- Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors or angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs): For people with diabetes and high blood pressure or chronic kidney disease
- Aspirin: For people with diabetes and risk factors for cardiovascular disease
- Statins: For people 40 to 75 years-old with diabetes to decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease
question: Why do complications develop with diabetes mellitus?
answer: Most complications of diabetes are the result of problems with blood vessels. Glucose levels that remain high over a long time cause both the small and large blood vessels to narrow. The narrowing reduces blood flow to many parts of the body, leading to problems. There are several causes of blood vessel narrowing:
- Complex sugar-based substances build up in the walls of small blood vessels, causing them to thicken and leak.
- Poor control of blood glucose levels causes the levels of fatty substances in the blood to rise, resulting in atherosclerosis and decreased blood flow in the larger blood vessels.
Atherosclerosis leads to heart attacks and strokes. Atherosclerosis is between 2 and 4 times more common and tends to occur at a younger age in people with diabetes than in people who do not have diabetes. Over time, narrowing of blood vessels can harm the heart, brain, legs, eyes, kidneys, nerves, and skin, resulting in angina, heart failure, strokes, leg cramps during walking (claudication), poor vision, chronic kidney disease, damage to nerves (neuropathy), and skin breakdown.
question: Why do I frequently get infections?
answer: People with diabetes often develop bacterial and fungal infections typically of the skin and mouth. When the levels of glucose in the blood are high, white blood cells cannot effectively fight infections. Any infection that develops tends to be more severe and takes longer to resolve in people with diabetes. Sometimes, an infection is the first sign of diabetes.
One such infection is a yeast infection called candidiasis. Candida yeast is a normal resident of the mouth, digestive tract, and vagina that usually causes no harm. In people with diabetes, however, Candida can overgrow on mucous membranes and moist areas of the skin causing rashes in those areas.
People with diabetes are also particularly likely to have ulcers and infections of the feet and legs because of poor circulation to the skin. Too often, these wounds heal slowly or not at all. When wounds do not heal, they typically become infected and this can result in gangrene (tissue death) and bone infection (osteomyelitis). Amputation of the foot or part of the leg may be needed.
question: Does diabetes lead to liver damage? 
answer: It is common for people with diabetes to also have fatty liver disease, in which abnormal fat deposits collect in the liver. Fatty liver disease can sometimes progress to more serious liver disease including cirrhosis. Doctors diagnose liver problems if liver blood tests are abnormal and confirm the diagnosis with a liver biopsy. Losing weight, maintaining good control of blood sugar levels, and treating high cholesterol can be helpful.
question: Can my kidneys become damaged due to diabetes?
answer: The kidneys can malfunction, resulting in chronic kidney disease that may require dialysis or kidney transplantation. Doctors usually check the urine of people with diabetes for abnormally high levels of protein (albumin), which is an early sign of kidney damage. At the earliest sign of kidney complications, people are often given medications that slow the progression of kidney damage, for example, sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors (medications that increase glucose secretion in the urine), angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, or angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs).
question: Can diabetes affect the nerves?
answer: Damage to nerves can manifest in several ways. If a single nerve malfunctions, an arm or leg may suddenly become weak. If the nerves to the hands, legs, and feet become damaged (diabetic polyneuropathy), sensation may become abnormal, and tingling or burning pain and weakness in the arms and legs may develop. Damage to the nerves of the skin makes repeated injuries more likely because people cannot sense changes in pressure or temperature.
question: How does diabetes lead to foot problems?
answer: Diabetes causes many changes in the body. The following changes in the feet are common and difficult to treat:
- Damage to the nerves (neuropathy) affects sensation to the feet, so that pain is not felt. Irritation and other forms of injury may go unnoticed. An injury may wear through the skin before any pain is felt.
- Changes in sensation alter the way people with diabetes carry weight on their feet, concentrating weight in certain areas so that calluses form. Calluses (and dry skin) increase the risk of skin breakdown.
- Diabetes can cause poor circulation in the feet, making ulcers more likely to form when the skin is damaged and making the ulcers slower to heal.
Because diabetes can affect the body’s ability to fight infections, a foot ulcer, once it forms, easily becomes infected. Because of neuropathy, people may not feel discomfort due to the infection until it becomes serious and difficult to treat, leading to gangrene. People with diabetes are more than 30 times more likely to require amputation of a foot or leg than are people without diabetes.
question: What can I do to prevent foot problems from developing?
answer: Foot care is critical. The feet should be protected from injury, and the skin should be kept moist with a good moisturiser. Shoes should fit properly and not cause areas of irritation. Shoes should have appropriate cushioning to spread out the pressure caused by standing. Going barefoot is ill advised. Regular care from a podiatrist (a doctor specialising in foot care), such as having toenails cut and calluses removed, may also be helpful. Also, sensation and blood flow to the feet should be regularly evaluated by doctors.
question: What can I do to monitor diabetes complications?
answer: At the time of diagnosis and then at least yearly, people with Type 2 diabetes are monitored for the presence of diabetes complications, such as kidney, eye, and nerve damage. In people with Type 1 diabetes, doctors begin monitoring for complications 5 years after diagnosis. Typical screening tests include the following:
- Foot examination to test sensation and look for signs of poor circulation (ulcers, hair loss)
- Eye examination (done by an eye specialist)
- Urine and blood tests of kidney function
- Blood tests for cholesterol levels
- Sometimes an electrocardiogram
question: What can I do to prevent diabetes complications?
answer: Worsening of complications can be prevented or delayed by strict blood glucose control or by early treatment with medication. Risk factors for heart problems, such as increased blood pressure and high cholesterol levels, are evaluated at each doctor visit and are treated with medication if necessary. Proper care of feet and regular eye examinations can help prevent or delay the onset of complications of diabetes. People with diabetes are vaccinated against Streptococcus pneumoniae, hepatitis B, and COVID-19, and doctors usually recommend they receive annual flu vaccination because people with diabetes are at risk of infection. Treatment of high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels, which can contribute to circulation problems, can help prevent some of the complications of diabetes as well. People with diabetes who are between 40 and 75 years are given statin therapy to lower cholesterol levels and lower cardiovascular risk. People younger than 40 or older than 75 years and with an elevated risk of heart disease also should take a statin. Another common problem in people with diabetes is gum disease (gingivitis), and regular visits to the dentist for cleaning and preventive care are important.
question: What is diabetic retinopathy?
answer: Diabetic retinopathy is damage to the retina (the transparent, light-sensitive structure at the back of the eye) as a result of diabetes. 
question: Does diabetes mellitus lead to diabetic retinopathy?
answer: After several years, some retinal change occurs in almost all people with diabetes, regardless of whether they use insulin therapy. People with diabetes who also have high blood pressure are at much higher risk of developing diabetic retinopathy because both conditions tend to damage the retina. Pregnancy can cause diabetic retinopathy to worsen.
Repeated exposure to high levels of sugar (glucose) in the blood make the walls of small blood vessels, including those in the retina, weaker and, therefore, more prone to damage. Damaged retinal blood vessels leak blood and fluid into the retina. In general, retinopathy appears 5 years after people develop type 1 diabetes. Because diagnosis of type 2 diabetes may not occur for years, retinopathy may be present by the time people receive the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes.
question: How many types of diabetic retinopathy are there?
answer: Diabetes mellitus can cause two types of changes in the eye. Nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy occurs first; then proliferative diabetic retinopathy occurs after and is more severe. In nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy, small blood vessels in the retina leak fluid or blood and may develop small bulges. Areas of the retina affected by leakage may swell, causing damage to parts of the field of vision. In proliferative diabetic retinopathy, damage to the retina stimulates the growth of new blood vessels. The new blood vessels grow abnormally, sometimes leading to bleeding (hemorrhage) or scarring. Extensive scarring may cause detachment of the retina. 
question: What are the symptoms of nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy?
answer: At first, the effects on vision may be minimal, but gradually vision may become impaired. Blind spots may occur, although these may not be noticed by the person and are usually discovered only if testing is done. If leakage occurs near the macula, the central area of the retina, which contains a high density of light-sensing cells, the central vision may be blurry. Swelling of the macula (macular edema) due to leakage of fluid from blood vessels can eventually cause significant loss of vision. However, people may not have vision loss even with advanced retinopathy.
question: What are the symptoms of proliferative diabetic retinopathy?
answer: Symptoms of proliferative diabetic retinopathy may include blurred vision, floaters (black spots) or flashing lights in the field of vision, and sudden, severe, painless vision loss. Proliferative diabetic retinopathy results in greater loss of vision than nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy. It can result in total or near-total blindness due to a large hemorrhage into the vitreous humor (the jellylike substance that fills the back of the eyeball, also called the vitreous) or to a type of retinal detachment called traction retinal detachment. Growth of new blood vessels can also lead to a painful type of glaucoma (neovascular glaucoma). In neovascular glaucoma, abnormal blood vessels that have formed in the iris close the space between the iris and the cornea, blocking the drainage of fluid from the eye and causing buildup of pressure in the eye (glaucoma). Macular edema can cause significant loss of vision. 
question: How do I prevent the onset of diabetic retinopathy?
answer: The best way to prevent diabetic retinopathy is to control blood sugar and keep blood pressure at normal levels. People with diabetes should have an annual eye examination, in which the pupil is dilated with eye drops, so that retinopathy can be detected and any necessary treatment can be started early. Pregnant women with diabetes should have these eye examinations about once every 3 months.
question: What is the treatment for diabetic retinopathy?
answer: Treatment of diabetic retinopathy is aimed at controlling blood sugar and blood pressure. People with fluid buildup in the macula (macular edema) are given eye injections of certain drugs (for example, ranibizumab, bevacizumab, or aflibercept), which are called anti–vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) drugs. People may also be given injected corticosteroid implants, which slowly release constant levels of a corticosteroid into the eye. Implants containing the corticosteroid dexamethasone are useful for people who have persistent macular edema. Implants containing the corticosteroid fluocinolone are available in certain countries for people who have macular edema caused by diabetes. Relieving macular edema with drugs may improve vision. Other treatments include laser photocoagulation, in which a laser beam is aimed into the eye at the retina to slow the growth of abnormal new retinal blood vessels and decrease leakage. Laser photocoagulation may need to be repeated. If bleeding from damaged vessels has been extensive, a procedure called vitrectomy may be needed. In this procedure, blood is removed from the cavity in which the vitreous humor lies. Vision often improves after vitrectomy is done to treat vitreous hemorrhage, traction retinal detachment, or macular edema. Laser treatment only rarely improves vision, but it commonly prevents further deterioration.
question: Who is more prone to gestational diabetes?
answer: Gestational diabetes is more common among the following:
- Obese women
- Women with a family history of diabetes
- Certain ethnic groups, particularly Native Americans, Pacific Islanders, and women of Mexican, Indian, or Asian descent
question: What causes gestational diabetes?
answer: Most women with gestational diabetes develop it because they cannot produce enough insulin. Insulin helps control the level of sugar (glucose) in the blood. More insulin is needed during pregnancy because the placenta produces a hormone that makes the body less responsive to insulin (a condition called insulin resistance). This effect is particularly noticeable late in the pregnancy, when the placenta is enlarging. As a result, the blood sugar level tends to increase. Then, even more insulin is needed. Some women may have had diabetes before becoming pregnant, but the disease was not recognized until they became pregnant.
question: What are the risks of gestational diabetes?
answer: Early in pregnancy, poor control of diabetes increases the risk of the following:
- Having a baby with major birth defects
- Having a miscarriage
Late in pregnancy, poor control of diabetes increases the risk of the following:
- Having a baby that weighs more than 9 pounds at birth
- Developing preeclampsia (a type of high blood pressure that occurs during pregnancy)
- Having a baby whose shoulder gets caught in the birth canal (shoulder dystocia)
- Needing a cesarean delivery
- Having a stillborn baby
Babies born to women with diabetes tend to be larger than those born to women without diabetes. If diabetes is poorly controlled, babies may be particularly large. A large fetus is less likely to pass easily through the vagina and is more likely to be injured during vaginal delivery. Consequently, cesarean delivery may be necessary. Also, the fetus’s lungs tend to mature slowly. Newborns of women with diabetes are at increased risk of having low sugar, low calcium, and high bilirubin levels in the blood (hyperbilirubinemia).
question: What can I do to treat diabetes when pregnant?
answer: Doctors advise women who have diabetes and who are planning to become pregnant to immediately start taking steps to control their blood sugar level if they have not already done so. These steps include following an appropriate diet, exercising, and, if needed, taking insulin. High-sugar foods are eliminated from the diet, and women should eat so that they do not gain excess weight during pregnancy. Most pregnant women with diabetes are asked to measure their blood sugar level several times a day at home using a home blood sugar monitoring device. If blood sugar levels are high, women may need to take an oral hypoglycemic drug or insulin. Treatment sometimes causes blood sugar levels to decrease too much (called hypoglycemia). Hypoglycemia, if severe, causes confusion and loss of consciousness and can occur without any warning. If a woman is prone to episodes of hypoglycemia (for example, if she has had Type 1 diabetes for a long time), she is given a glucagon kit and taught how to use it. Glucagon, when injected, increases blood sugar levels. A family member is also taught how to use the kit. Then if symptoms of severe hypoglycemia occur, the woman or the family member can inject glucagon. Controlling diabetes is particularly important late in pregnancy because then, the blood sugar level tends to increase. A higher dose of insulin is usually needed.
answer:answer: Food labelled “cholesterol-free” does not mean that it does not contain fat. It only indicates that the food has been made with vegetable fat. Unsaturated fat is derived mainly from plants and can be monosaturated, as in olive and canola oil, or polyunsaturated, as in corn and peanut oil. Most non-dairy creamers, 2-in-1 and 3-in-1 beverages usually contain saturated vegetable fat (from palm oil and coconut products) and are not suitable for diabetics. It is best if you can avoid creamers, evaporated milk and full cream milk because they contain more saturated fat and calories than low-fat or skimmed milk. It is important to note that animal fat contains cholesterol (saturated fat). It may also be wise to limit your fat intake to 5g per serving in any type of food. Making healthy food choices is important for diabetics. It does not mean depriving yourself of certain types of foods, but you should consume in moderation. Choose foods that are vitamin and calcium enriched, whenever possible.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: What is so good about protein?
answer: Protein helps the body to repair skin tissues, bones and muscles. Fish, meat, eggs, beans and dairy products contain protein. Most protein-rich food have some fat as well. For example, eggs contain protein in the whites and fat in the yolks. Adults are advised to limit themselves to three eggs per week, regardless of the types of eggs. All types of nuts have protein and fat. Soya beans and soy products, which are also protein-rich, are recommended. Protein is a complex food, which is not easily digested, and should not be taken in large quantities. It is also not wise for diabetics to compromise by eating more protein as it can overload the kidneys. About two 3-ounce servings, about the size of a clenched fist of fish or lean meat, are recommended per day.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: What is a healthy lifestyle?
answer: A healthy lifestyle is one that includes three regular, moderate meals a day, and an exercise programme of at least three days a week. In addition, limit alcohol intake, abstain from smoking and unhealthy snacking. Research has shown that regular, brisk walking can prevent and delay the onset of type 2 diabetes. On the other hand, watching television or playing on the computer for long hours increases the risk of diabetes. Please note that this is meant to be a general guide. Do consult your dietician for specific guidelines about your diet if you have diabetes, heart diseases or other health problems. For additional advice, please consult your doctor and other healthcare professionals.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Why do I feel sleepy after a heavy lunch?
answer: When you have too much blood glucose in the body, your brain cannot work efficiently and you will feel lethargic. You cannot think properly and tend to forget easily. This can affect people with diabetes. Too much glucose in the blood can affect the absorption of vitamins and oxygen for the body systems to work efficiently. Remember, our red blood cells carry oxygen essential for every activity. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: How do I check if I am overweight?
answer: There are many ways to check if you are overweight. The tools include the Body Mass Index (BMI), Waist – Hip Ratio (WHR), and measurement of waist circumference.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: What is Body Mass Index (BMI)?
answer: BMI is a tool to assess your body fat by calculating the ratio: BMI = Weight (kg) / (Height x Height (m)). International Obesity Task Force recommends BMI for Asians: 18.5 to 22.9 kg/m^2. People with BMI of 27 kg/m^2 or more are prone to diabetes.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: How do I calculate my Body Mass Index (BMI)?
answer: This is the widely accepted method of categorising your weight, based on a formula derived from your height and weight. Body Mass Index or BMI is calculated as: weight (kg) / (height (m) x height (m)). A BMI of 18.5 – 22.9 is considered healthy, whereas a result over 23 means your health is at risk. You are considered obese if you have a BMI of 30 and above.
Source: HealthHub (https://www.healthhub.sg/live-healthy/764/its-not-a-small-world-after-all#:~:text=Waist%20circumference&text=If%20your%20waist%20size%20is,the%20lower%20ribs%20and%20navel.)
question: What is Waist – Hip Ratio (WHR)?
answer: This tool determines body fat distribution. People with an excessive amount of fat over the waist, or an apple-shaped body have a higher risk of lifestyle diseases than those with a pear-shaped body, with more fat around the hips and thighs. WHR = Waist circumference (cm) / Hip circumference (cm). Normal WHR for women is less than 0.8, and for men is less than 1.0. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: How do I check if I am overweight by measuring waist circumference?
answer: Monitor your waist circumference as well as your weight. Compared to BMI, waist circumference is a better measure of body fat and is often used to assess cardiovascular risk. If your waist size is above 80cm for Asian women, and 90cm for Asian men, take care! This implies abdominal obesity. You can measure your waist circumference using a measuring tape. This is done close to the skin and ensuring that the tape is in between the lower ribs and navel. Measure during exhalation.
Source: HealthHub (https://www.healthhub.sg/live-healthy/764/its-not-a-small-world-after-all#:~:text=Waist%20circumference&text=If%20your%20waist%20size%20is,the%20lower%20ribs%20and%20navel.)
question: If I have to drink alcohol, what must I take note of?
answer: It is advisable to drink after a meal and not on an empty stomach, to prevent hypoglycaemia, low blood glucose reaction or unstable blood glucose. It may cause adverse reaction if taken with diabetes medicine, especially Metformin. It is important to limit to one drink, defined as a can of beer, about 360mls (12 ounces), or a glass of wine, 150mls (5 ounces) or a small glass of hard liquor (distilled spirit) about 45mls (1.5 ounces). You can exchange your fruit for a glass of red wine. Too much alcohol means too many calories, which is converted into fats (triglycerides) and can cause fatty liver.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: What are the health risks associated with being overweight?
answer: Being overweight increases your risk of high blood pressure, diabetes, certain cancers, bone and joint disorders (e.g., osteoarthritis), coronary heart disease, and early death.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: How do I quit cigarette smoking?
answer: If you are smoking twenty cigarettes a day, you can choose to quit with help from a smoking cessation clinic or on your own. If you decide to quit smoking, set a realistic goal and then stick to it. For example, you can reduce gradually by smoking one cigarette less per week. Inform your friends and family members about your plan and seek their support. Do not lose faith in yourself, even if those around you are sceptical. Be it alcohol or cigarettes, you have to take steps to reduce and quit eventually. Never mind if you decide to take ‘baby-steps’. What is important is that you have the will to change for the better.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: What can life be like for a person with diabetes?
answer: People with type 1 diabetes must learn to estimate carbohydrates, balance their food intake with physical activities and adjust their insulin dose by monitoring their blood glucose levels using a glucometer at least four times a day. Most type 2 diabetics require oral medication, such as Sulphonylureas to be taken before meals to have better effects. ‘Starch blockers’ are usually taken together with food. Biguanides are to be taken after meals. Some people with type 2 diabetes may need to have basal injection at bedtime, or two to three times per day (depending on their condition and duration of diabetes).
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Can I only rely on diet control to manage my diabetes?
answer: If you have an underlying condition or heart disease, diet control itself is not enough. You may need tablets or insulin, or a combination of both insulin and tablets, to control your blood glucose, cholesterol and high blood pressure. You may even need medication to prevent kidney damage.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Can diabetes be cured?
answer: Every person with diabetes, regardless of type 1 or type 2, must know that diabetes cannot be cured, but it can be controlled. Mild diabetes can be controlled with diet and regular exercise. This does not mean, however, that the person does not have diabetes. Mild diabetes, if poorly controlled, can worsen. With good control, you will feel your best and diabetes is less likely to damage your eyes, kidneys or nerves.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: What are oral hypoglycaemic agents (OHA)?
answer: Oral hypoglycaemic agents (OHA) are used mainly to lower blood glucose. There are many types of OHAs with different actions and can be taken at different mealtimes. Your doctor may prescribe more than 1 type of OHA to control your diabetes effectively. This depends on your blood glucose level, HbA1c, other underlying conditions and circumstances. Here are the different types of OHAs: Sulphonylureas, Meglitnides, Biguanides, Alpha-glucosidase Inhibitors (“Starch blockers”), and Thiazolidinediones.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Can I take oral hypoglycaemic agents (OHA) if I am pregnant or planning to conceive?
answer: Most OHAs are not tested on pregnant women. Therefore, it is important for you to inform your doctor if you are planning to conceive. You may need to have insulin injection. During early pregnancy when the unborn baby (foetus) is growing and developing, it may not be safe to continue with OHA.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: I have mild diabetes, and I noticed that I am losing weight drastically. Is this a bad sign?
answer: A patient’s treatment for mild diabetes is diet control. If you had three moderate meals a day, you should not have lost weight drastically. A gradual weight loss is expected with your change of diet and regular exercise. But if your drastic weight loss is coupled with high blood glucose, there are two possible factors to consider: 1) Many years of diabetes or poor control; and 2) Other illnesses e.g., cancer and pancreatitis. 
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: I have type 2 diabetes. What can I do to control my blood glucose better?
answer: Firstly, by knowing that you have limited amount of insulin, it would be better to have small to moderate amount of food. Next, a high fibre diet can prevent blood glucose spikes and allow more time for the insulin to work effectively. Lastly, exercise can enhance the action of insulin and allow more glucose to enter into the cells.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: What must I remember with insulin injections?
answer: There are 3 important things you must remember when you are on insulin: 1) Regular blood glucose testing to adjust insulin; 2) Regular injection time to stabilise blood glucose level; 3) Regular mealtimes to prevent hypoglycaemia.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Why is it important to do blood glucose testing?
answer: Blood glucose fluctuates with our daily activities and the different types of food we eat. Regular exercise of at least 30 minutes can lower blood glucose. At the same time, stress and illness can cause blood glucose to rise. All these factors have to be taken into consideration when deciding on the insulin dosage. It is important to discuss this with your doctor and he may allow you to adjust your insulin dosage.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Why is it important to have regular injections?
answer: Regular dosage ensures sufficient insulin in the body and prevents low blood sugar reaction, hypoglycaemia (too much insulin in the body). This can cause giddiness, fainting, “cold sweats” and shivers. Blood glucose levels, which are too low or too high, can damage the brain over a period of time. It can also affect vision and result in poor coordination. All these can be dangerous for drivers who are diabetic.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Why must I eat after injecting insulin?
answer: You must eat soon after each injection as it works faster and more effectively. It is important to have regular insulin injections and meals (at about the same time) to maintain a stable blood glucose level. It is advisable for people on insulin to have four to five small meals rather than two to three heavy meals a day. It is important to have a light snack such as a fruit or biscuits between lunch and dinner, especially if your dinner is more than 6 hours after lunch. This is also to synchronise your blood glucose level with the peak action of insulin to prevent hypoglycaemia, especially if you are on two types of insulin.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Why is self-blood glucose monitoring important?
answer: It is important to do your own blood glucose monitoring to manage your diabetes effectively. Initially, you may need your family’s support, especially if you have a phobia of pricking yourself to get a drop of blood onto the test-strip. This type of monitoring is called home blood glucose monitoring (HBGM) or self blood glucose monitoring (SBGM). Diabetes is unlike other illnesses; besides taking medication, your daily living and quality of life are affected. It is important for you to take charge and be in control of your diabetes. Close monitoring of your blood glucose level will help you understand how your body reacts to medication, food and activities.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: What are the things I must do before pricking my finger?
answer: Before you prick your finger, remember to: 
1. Wash and clean dry your hands.
2. Check that your glucometer is in good working condition.
3. Change calibration code if you use new test strips. Your meter code must tally with the test strip code to ensure accuracy.
4. Check the expiry date of your test strip. Some individually wrapped test-strips can last longer.
5. Remember to close tight the container after taking a test-strip.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: How often should I monitor my blood glucose?
answer: If you are on OHA, it is recommended that you test at least twice a day, before medication and meals, and 2 hours after meals. Try to do it at different times of the day to monitor the blood glucose level, and your body’s reaction to different types of food and activities. It is also to check the effectiveness of the medication. If you are on insulin, you need to check at least four times a day: particularly before injection and breakfast (FBG), lunch, dinner, and at bedtime. Do discuss with your doctor.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Why is regular check-up important?
answer: You need to have regular check-ups to assess your diabetes condition and to exclude diabetes-related complications to the eyes, nerves, feet, heart and kidney. If abnormal results are detected, your doctor may refer you to a specialist and prompt treatment can be carried out to prevent complication.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: What is the purpose of a urine test?
answer: The doctor will request for a urine test for the following reasons:
1. To review your kidney function.
2. To exclude or confirm urinary tract infection.
3. To exclude or check progress on kidney (renal) impairment or failure.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
question: Why do I experience ‘burning’ pain when I am passing urine?
answer: You may be having a urine tract infection. Urinary tract infection is very common among people with diabetes, because blood glucose is a good medium for germs to multiply. If recurrent, urine tract infections can lead to kidney problems. Therefore, it is important to consult a doctor and be treated early to prevent kidney complication. If the urinary tract infection is not treated properly, urine retention occurs and causes back-flow with germs spreading upward and thus damaging the kidney.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
answer:answer: There are two types of diabetes mellitus, type 1 and type 2. In type 1 diabetes, the body produces almost no insulin, a hormone produced by the pancreas that helps sugar (glucose) move from the blood into the cells. In type 2 diabetes, the body produces insulin, but cells fail to respond normally to the insulin. In both types of diabetes, the amount of sugar (glucose) in the blood is elevated.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/hyperosmolar-hyperglycemic-state-hhs
question: What is hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS)?
answer: Hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS) is a complication of diabetes mellitus that most often occurs in type 2 diabetes. Its symptoms include extreme dehydration and confusion, and it is diagnosed by blood tests that show very high levels of glucose and very concentrated blood. Treatment involves intravenous fluids and insulin. Extreme complications, however, can lead to coma, seizures, and death.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/hyperosmolar-hyperglycemic-state-hhs
question: What causes hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS)?
answer: Hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS) can occur for two main reasons: 1) People stop taking the medications for their diabetes; 2) An infection or other illness stresses the body. Also, certain medications, such as corticosteroids, can raise blood glucose levels and cause HHS. Medications such as diuretics, which people often take to treat high blood pressure, can worsen dehydration and trigger HHS.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/hyperosmolar-hyperglycemic-state-hhs
question: What are the symptoms of hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS)?
answer: The main symptom of hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS) is a mental change. The change ranges from mild confusion and disorientation to drowsiness and coma. Some people have seizures and/or temporary partial paralysis resembling a stroke. Up to 20% of people die. Other symptoms that may precede the change in mental state include frequent urination and extreme thirst.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/hyperosmolar-hyperglycemic-state-hhs
question: How is hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS) diagnosed?
answer: Doctors suspect the diagnosis of hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS) when people who have recently developed confusion are found to have a very high blood glucose level. They confirm the diagnosis by doing additional blood tests that show very concentrated blood and low ketones or acidity in the bloodstream.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/hyperosmolar-hyperglycemic-state-hhs
question: How is hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS) treated?
answer: Hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state (HHS) is treated much like diabetic ketoacidosis. Fluids and electrolytes must be administered and replaced intravenously (into the vein). Usually, people are given insulin intravenously so that it works quickly and the dose can be adjusted frequently. The level of glucose in the blood must be restored to normal gradually to avoid sudden shifts of fluid within the brain. The blood glucose level tends to be more easily controlled than in diabetic ketoacidosis, and blood acidity problems are not severe.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/hyperosmolar-hyperglycemic-state-hhs
question: What is diabetic ketoacidosis? 
answer: Diabetic ketoacidosis is an acute complication of diabetes that occurs mostly in type 1 diabetes mellitus. Symptoms include nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, and a characteristic fruity odor on the breath. Diabetic ketoacidosis is diagnosed by blood tests that show high levels of glucose, ketones, and acid. Treatment involves intravenous fluid replacement and insulin. Without treatment, diabetic ketoacidosis can progress to coma and death.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/diabetic-ketoacidosis
question: What causes diabetic ketoacidosis?
answer: Diabetic ketoacidosis is sometimes the first sign that people (usually children) have developed diabetes. In people who know they have diabetes, diabetic ketoacidosis can occur for two main reasons: 1) People stop taking their insulin; 2) An illness stresses the body. Rarely, some medications, especially the sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors, can cause diabetic ketoacidosis, even in people with type 2 diabetes. Some people with type 2 diabetes are also prone to develop ketoacidosis. This type of diabetes is called ketosis-prone diabetes, but is sometimes referred to as Flatbush diabetes. This type of diabetes is an unusual variant that is more likely to occur in people with obesity and in people of African ancestry.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/diabetic-ketoacidosis
question: How do illnesses cause diabetic ketoacidosis?
answer: An illness usually increases the body's need for energy. Thus, when people become ill, they often need more insulin to move extra glucose into their cells. If people do not take extra insulin when they are ill, they can develop diabetic ketoacidosis.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/diabetic-ketoacidosis
question: What are some common illnesses that can trigger diabetic ketoacidosis?
answer: Some common illnesses that can trigger diabetic ketoacidosis include: 
- Infections (such as pneumonia and urinary tract infections)
- Heart attack
- Stroke
- Pancreatitis
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/diabetic-ketoacidosis
question: What are the symptoms of diabetic ketoacidosis?
answer: The initial symptoms of diabetic ketoacidosis include excessive thirst and urination, weight loss, nausea, vomiting, fatigue, and—particularly in children—abdominal pain. Breathing tends to become deep and rapid as the body attempts to correct the blood’s acidity. The breath has a fruity odor similar to nail polish remover because of the smell of the ketones escaping into the breath. Without treatment, diabetic ketoacidosis can progress to coma and death (especially in children).
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/diabetic-ketoacidosis
question: How is diabetic ketoacidosis diagnosed?
answer: Doctors diagnose diabetic ketoacidosis by measuring the level of ketones and acid in the blood and urine. People with diabetic ketoacidosis also have high blood glucose levels, but people may have high glucose levels without having diabetic ketoacidosis (read up on Hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic State). Doctors typically also do tests, such as a chest x-ray and urine analysis, to look for an underlying infection and electrocardiography (ECG) to look for a heart attack.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/diabetic-ketoacidosis
question: How is diabetic ketoacidosis treated?
answer: Diabetic ketoacidosis is a medical emergency. Hospitalization, usually in an intensive care unit, may be necessary. Large amounts of fluids are given intravenously along with electrolytes, such as sodium, potassium, chloride, and sometimes phosphate, to replace those fluids and electrolytes lost through excessive urination. Insulin is generally given intravenously so that it works quickly and the dose can be adjusted frequently. Blood levels of glucose, ketones, and electrolytes are measured every few hours. Doctors also measure the blood’s acid level. Sometimes, additional treatments are needed to correct a high acid level. However, controlling the levels of glucose in the blood with insulin and, giving fluids, and replacing electrolytes usually allow the body to restore the normal acid-base balance.
Source: https://www.msdmanuals.com/en-sg/home/hormonal-and-metabolic-disorders/diabetes-mellitus-dm-and-disorders-of-blood-sugar-metabolism/diabetic-ketoacidosis
answer:answer: Type-1 diabetes occurs when your immune system (body’s defense against infection) attacks and destroys the insulin-producing beta cells (islet or langerhans) in your pancreas. Symptoms may not appear for months or years before the process begins. Some people have certain genes (pattern passed on from parent to child) that increase the likelihood of developing type-1 diabetes, though many will not develop type-1 diabetes despite having the genes. Type-1 diabetes may also be caused by being exposed to a trigger in the environment, such as a virus. Type-1 diabetes is not caused by diet or lifestyle habits.
Source: https://www.diabetes.org.sg/about-diabetes/causes-of-diabetes/
question: What is Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus?
answer: People with type-2 diabetes make insulin, unlike those with type-1 diabetes. However, either their body does not recognize and use insulin properly, or their pancreas does not release enough insulin, which happens during the later stages of the disease. Consequently, type-2 diabetes may cause chronically high blood glucose levels, which can lead to several symptoms and potentially serious complications. If the body does not have enough insulin or the insulin isn’t used properly, glucose cannot enter the cells and instead builds up in the bloodstream. Many parts of the body can be damaged by this. Additionally, since the cells aren’t getting the glucose they need, they don’t function normally.
Source: https://www.diabetes.org.sg/about-diabetes/causes-of-diabetes/
question: What causes Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus?
answer: There are 2 primary causes of type-2 diabetes. The first cause is insulin resistance, where muscle, fat and liver cells become resistant to insulin. Insulin does not interact with these cells in a normal way, as such they don’t take in enough sugar. The second cause is that blood sugar levels cannot be controlled by insulin produced by the pancreas. As a result, insufficient insulin is produced by the pancreas to control blood sugar levels.
Source: https://www.diabetes.org.sg/about-diabetes/causes-of-diabetes/
question: What is pre-diabetes?
answer: Pre-diabetes may be defined as Impaired Fasting Glucose (IFT) (if you have higher than normal sugar levels after a period of fasting), or as Impaired Glucose Tolerance (IGT) (if you have higher than normal sugar levels after eating). It is characterized by high blood glucose levels that are not yet high enough to be classified as diabetes.
Source: https://www.diabetes.org.sg/about-diabetes/what-is-pre-diabetes/
question: When should I test for pre-diabetes?
answer: Pre-diabetes can go undetected for years because there are no symptoms, so it often goes undetected until serious health problems arise. You should talk to your doctor about getting your blood sugar tested. We highly recommend this to those that have any of the risk factors for pre-diabetes such as:
- Obesity 
- Being 40 years or older
- Having a parent, brother or sister who has type-2 diabetes
- Physically active less than 3 times a week
- A child you gave birth to weighed more than 9 pounds or you had gestational diabetes (diabetes during pregnancy)
Source: https://www.diabetes.org.sg/about-diabetes/what-is-pre-diabetes/
question: What is insulin resistance?
answer: People with insulin resistance are unable to easily convert sugar to energy. This is because their muscles, fat, and liver cells don’t respond to insulin well, are resistant or cannot use insulin effectively. Consequently, their pancreas produces more insulin to help glucose enter their cells. Their blood sugar levels therefore rise over time. Type-2 diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and obesity are problems related to insulin resistance syndrome.
Source: https://www.diabetes.org.sg/about-diabetes/what-is-insulin-resistance/
question: What are the symptoms of Type-1 Diabetes?
answer: The symptoms of type-1 diabetes are as follows:
- Increased/Abnormal thirst (Polydipsia)
- Frequent urination (Polyuria)
- Extreme/Frequent hunger (Polyphagia)
- Dramatic weight loss in a short period of time
- Mood changes and irritability
- Weakness and fatigue
- Blurred vision
- Bedwetting
Source: https://www.diabetes.org.sg/about-diabetes/symptoms/
question: What are the symptoms of Type-2 Diabetes?
answer: Type-1 and type-2 diabetes symptoms are similar. Symptoms are more apparent after meals. Additional symptoms may include:
- Sores that take a long time to heal
- Infections that occur frequently
- A feeling of numbness or tingling in the hands or feet
- Skin itching, including itching around the genitals
- Slow healing of cuts or wounds
- Having frequent yeast infections (Thrush)
- Skin disorders such as psoriasis or acanthosis nigricans
- Darkened areas of the skin, usually in the armpits and on the neck
Source: https://www.diabetes.org.sg/about-diabetes/symptoms/