question: What can I do to treat diabetes when pregnant?
answer: Doctors advise women who have diabetes and who are planning to become pregnant to immediately start taking steps to control their blood sugar level if they have not already done so. These steps include following an appropriate diet, exercising, and, if needed, taking insulin. High-sugar foods are eliminated from the diet, and women should eat so that they do not gain excess weight during pregnancy. Most pregnant women with diabetes are asked to measure their blood sugar level several times a day at home using a home blood sugar monitoring device. If blood sugar levels are high, women may need to take an oral hypoglycemic drug or insulin. Treatment sometimes causes blood sugar levels to decrease too much (called hypoglycemia). Hypoglycemia, if severe, causes confusion and loss of consciousness and can occur without any warning. If a woman is prone to episodes of hypoglycemia (for example, if she has had Type 1 diabetes for a long time), she is given a glucagon kit and taught how to use it. Glucagon, when injected, increases blood sugar levels. A family member is also taught how to use the kit. Then if symptoms of severe hypoglycemia occur, the woman or the family member can inject glucagon. Controlling diabetes is particularly important late in pregnancy because then, the blood sugar level tends to increase. A higher dose of insulin is usually needed.
answer:answer: Food labelled “cholesterol-free” does not mean that it does not contain fat. It only indicates that the food has been made with vegetable fat. Unsaturated fat is derived mainly from plants and can be monosaturated, as in olive and canola oil, or polyunsaturated, as in corn and peanut oil. Most non-dairy creamers, 2-in-1 and 3-in-1 beverages usually contain saturated vegetable fat (from palm oil and coconut products) and are not suitable for diabetics. It is best if you can avoid creamers, evaporated milk and full cream milk because they contain more saturated fat and calories than low-fat or skimmed milk. It is important to note that animal fat contains cholesterol (saturated fat). It may also be wise to limit your fat intake to 5g per serving in any type of food. Making healthy food choices is important for diabetics. It does not mean depriving yourself of certain types of foods, but you should consume in moderation. Choose foods that are vitamin and calcium enriched, whenever possible.
Source: Red Ants Crawling to My Urine
